[CAPTIONING FUNDED BY CBS SPORTS DIVISION] SPORTS DIVISION]
[CAPTIONING PERFORMED BY THE CAPTIONING PERFORMED BY THE NATIONAL CAPTIONING INSTITUTE,
NATIONAL CAPTIONING INSTITUTE, WHICH IS RESPONSIBLE FOR ITS
CAPTIONING CONTENT AND CAPTIONING CONTENT AND ACCURACY. VISIT NCICAP.ORG
JIM: GOOD MORNING FROM THE
MASTERS.
WHAT A DAY THIS IS GOING TO BE.
THE EARLY START WITH THE LEADER
FRANCESCO MOLINARI NOW JUST
LEAVING THE PRACTICE FACILITY.
HE'LL BE PLAYING TODAY WITH
TIGER WOODS, WHO'S TWO BACK.
AND WHAT HISTORY WILL BE
WRITTEN TODAY?
WELL, WE HAD PLENTY YESTERDAY.
A RECORD FOR SCORING.
MOLINARI AT THE 12, WITH THE
BEST SHOT ALL WEEK AT THE
SIGNATURE PAR 3.
ON HIS WAY TO 66.
MEANTIME, TONY FINAU UP THE
HILL WITH THE PAR 5 8TH HOLE.
IT LED TO AN EAGLE.
AND HE TIED THE FRONT NINE
RECORD OF 30 AND WAS ONE OFF.
THE COURSE RECORD WAS 64.
BIG-HITTING BROOKS KOEPKA AT
THE 15TH.
FLAG HUNTING ON THE PAR 5 IN
TWO.
THE PUTT FOR EAGLE.
GOING FOR HIS FOURTH MAJOR IN
HIS LAST SEVEN STARTS.
AND THEN THERE IS TIGER.
STARTED SLOWLY ON SATURDAY, BUT
THEN TURNED ON THE
AFTER-BURNERS.
THE PUTT FOR BIRDIE.
PLAYING THE LAST 13 HOLES, SIX
UNDER ON HIS WAY TO 67, AND
TODAY GOING FOR GREEN JACKET
NUMBER FIVE.
THE CAUSE OF THREATENING
WEATHER THAT'S SUPPOSED TO HIT
THIS AREA LATE THIS AFTERNOON
FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER, SUNDAY
TIMES MOVED UP TO THIS EARLY
START, 9:00 EASTERN TIME.
WE JOIN YOU 6:00 OUT ON THE
WEST COAST.
AND WE ARE PROUD TO PRESENT IT
TO YOU LIVE.
AND THEY'RE GOING OFF BOTH
TEES.
YOU SEE THOSE WITH THE ASTERISK
MEAN THEY'VE STARTED THEIR
ROUND ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE
GOLF COURSE.
THE FINAL GROUP OF THREE WILL
BE GOING OFF IN ABOUT 15
MINUTES.
JIM: FROM THE AUGUSTA NATIONAL
GOLF CLUB IN AUGUSTA, GEORGIA,
CBS SPORTS PROUDLY PRESENTS THE
FINAL ROUND OF THE MASTERS.
WELL, THE SKIES ARE GRAY, BUT
THE AIR IS THICK WITH
ANTICIPATION.
THE FINAL ROUND HAS ALREADY
STARTED.
AGAIN, IT'S 7:30 IN THE MORNING
.
AND TRULY A FINAL ROUND UNLIKE
ANY OTHER AT AUGUSTA, WITH THE
EARLY START, THE GROUPS OF
THREE, AND PLAYERS GOING OFF
BOTH TEES.
AND IF THE WEATHER GODS
COOPERATE, WE WILL, SOMEWHERE
AROUND THE 3:00 HOUR, BARRING A
PLAYOFF, BE ABLE TO HAVE THE
FINISH FOR YOU TODAY.
SO FOUR OF THE LAST FIVE
54-HOLE LEADERS OR CO-LEADERS
HAVE GONE ON TO WIN, AND
OFTENTIMES COMING OUT OF THE
FINAL PAIRING.
TODAY IT'S A GROUPING, IT'S NOT
JUST TWO.
IT'S THREE.
TONY FINAU IN THAT GROUP, AND
WHAT A DAY HE HAD YESTERDAY,
ONE OF THREE ROUNDS OF 64.
FRANK NOBILO, DOTTIE PEPPER
DOWN AT AMEN.
BILL MACATEE AT 14.
PETER KOSTIS AT THE PAR 5 15TH
WITH THE HOLE LOCATION ON THE
FRONT LEFT TODAY.
AND THE SIGNATURE LOCATION OF
VERNE LUNDQUIST, 16TH, WHERE
THERE'S A LOT OF ACTION.
IAN BAKER-FINCH AT 17.
AMANDA BALIONIS WITH US FOR ALL
THE INTERVIEWS WITH THE PLAYERS
COMING OFF THE COURSE.
LET'S GO TO THE FIRST NOW, AND
HERE'S RICKIE FOWLER FOR
BIRDIE.
WHAT A START.
HE SHOT 68 YESTERDAY.
EIGHT UNDER, THAT'S FIVE OFF
THE LEAD.
THIS IS AT THE SECOND NOW, AND
JUSTIN THOMAS.
FROM ABOUT 75 FEET, IT COMES
DOWN HERE AND SWINGS AROUND THE
CORNER.
IAN: WHAT A DELIGHTFUL EFFORT
THERE FROM YOUNG JUSTIN THOMAS.
TAP-IN FOR BIRDIE FOUR.
AND GETS TO SEVEN UNDER.
YOUNG MAN WHO WE'LL BE WATCHING
FOR MANY YEARS TO COME, I
BELIEVE, HERE AT THE MASTERS.
HE MIGHT BE A LITTLE BIT TOO
FAR BEHIND THIS YEAR.
ALREADY A MAJOR CHAMPION,
WINNING THE PGA CHAMPIONSHIP AT
QUAIL HOLLOW JUST A COUPLE OF
YEARS AGO.
BACK AT THE 1ST.
SCOMBROIP LOUIS OOSTHUIZEN WITH
A GREAT CHANCE FOR BIRDIE.
JIM: HE COULD BE DANGEROUS,
NICK.
NICK: MOST DEFINITELY.
THE CONDITIONS ARE PERFECT.
THE GRAY SKIES HELPS THE VISUAL
PART OF THE GAME, THE DEPTH
PERCEPTION.
JIM: OVER TO 4.
DISAPPOINT JORDAN SPIETH.
DOTTIE: AND JORDAN SPIETH
BIRDIED THE FIRST TWO HOLES,
BACK LEFT HOLE LOCATION TODAY.
MAKING A VERY DIFFICULT HOLE
LOOK PRETTY DARN EASY.
YESTERDAY IT WAS THE SECOND
MOST DIFFICULT HOLE ON THE GOLF
COURSE.
TO 2.
KEVIN: AND THIS IS JON RAHM, A
POPULAR PUTT TODAY, JUST A
LITTLE OUTSIDE OF JUSTIN
THOMAS.
ONE OF THOSE PUTTS THAT THEY
PRACTICE A LOT IN THE PRACTICE
ROUNDS, BECAUSE THEY ALL KNOW
THOSE THAT KEEP COMING BACK,
WHERE THE HOLE LOCATIONS WILL
BE.
AND WONDERFUL TOUCH.
OVER AT 13.
DOTTIE: RORY MCILROY STARTED
HIS ROUND ON THE SECOND NINE ON
THE SOUTH.
THIS IS FOR EAGLE, JUST INSIDE
12 FEET.
VERY RISKY HOLE LOCATION TODAY.
IF YOU TAKE IT ON, YOU COULD
REAP BIG REWARDS, JUST LIKE
MCILROY DID.
AND THIS FAMILIAR SUNDAY RED.
TIGER WOODS HITTING A FEW
PRACTICE PUTTS WITH TONY FINAU
IN THE WHITE CAP BEHIND HIM.
THEY WILL BE TOGETHER TODAY.
AND TRYING TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF
THAT REALLY TERRIFIC TEE SHOT
FROM JORDAN SPIETH AT THE 4TH.
SHOT 64 HERE IN THE FINAL ROUND
LAST YEAR, MADE A LOT OF NOISE
ON THE SECOND NINE.
BUT HAS PLAYED THIS HOLE THIS
WEEK IN FOUR OVER PAR.
JON RAHM TAPPED IN FOR HIS
BIRDIE, AND THAT'S A TWO, A
BIRDIE FOR JORDAN SPIETH.
IT'S STILL SIX BACK.
TO 2.
IAN: PATRICK CANTLAY, AFTER A
GREAT ROUND YESTERDAY.
HIS THIRD SHOT WITH A WEDGE.
DIFFICULT TO GET CLOSE TO THE
HOLE LOCATION IF YOU'RE SHORT
RIGHT, UNLESS YOU SPIN IT BACK
LIKE THIS.
SPECTACULAR SHOT FOR CANTLAY.
HE IS STARTING OUT JUST AS LEFT
OFF YESTERDAY.
THAT WILL BE A TAP-IN BIRDIE,
BIRDIE, BIRDIE AT THE FIRST TWO
HOLES.
64'S THERE, BUT THE BEST WAS
NICKY PRICE BACK IN 1986 WITH A
63.
ALL IN THE THIRD ROUNDS.
THE BEST-EVER, JACK NICKLAUS.
PATRICK CANTLAY, WEBB SIMPSON,
AND TONY FINAU YESTERDAY
JOINING THE ILLUSTRIOUS COUPLE.
BACK TO THE FIRST TEE.
JIM: BROOKS KOEPKA AND HIS
GROUP WILL BE GOING OFF NEXT.
WITH IAN POULTER AND WEBB
SIMPSON.
>> FORE, PLEASE.
BROOKS KOEPKA NOW DRIVING.
[APPLAUS]
JIM: JUST MIGHT BE THE GUY TO
WATCH OUT FOR.
CO-LEADER AFTER THE FIRST
ROUND.
HE EVEN ADMITS THAT ROUNDS TWO
AND THREE DIDN'T REALLY EVER
FULLY CLICK, BUT STILL, SHOT
UNDER PAR ROUNDS.
GINTS DAY THREE OFF THE LEAD --
BEGINS THE DAY THREE OFF THE
LEAD.
THAT IS JUST HUGE.
>> FORE, PLEASE, WEBB SIMPSON
NOW DRIVING.
[APPLAUSE]
JIM: ONE OF THOSE WHO SHOT 64
YESTERDAY.
THERE HAD BEEN 14 ROUNDS OF 64
IN THE HISTORY OF AUGUSTA.
BEFORE YESTERDAY.
AND THERE WERE THREE IN ONE
DAY.
SIMPSON DID NOT MISS A FAIRWAY
ON SATURDAY.
>> FORE LEFT!
JIM: BUT HE MISSES HIS FIRST OF
THE DAY.
>> FORE, PLEASE, IAN POULTER
NOW DRIVING.
[APPLAUSE]
JIM: IAN PLAYED YESTERDAY IN
THE COMPANY OF TIGER WOODS AND
SHOT 68.
JIM: FEELING REALLY GOOD ABOUT
THE STATE OF HIS GAME.
14-YEAR-OLD SON, LUKE, FLEW IN
FOR SATURDAY'S ROUND TO BE
THERE IN THE GALLERY TO SUPPORT
HIS DAD.
[APPLAUSE]
JIM: FAIRWAY FOR HIM, BUT MILES
BEHIND BROOKS KOEPKA.
MIGHT HAVE HIT THE LONGEST
DRIVE OF THE WEEK AT AT ONE.
SO ONE MORE GROUP TO GO, THE
LEADER, MOLINARI, WITH WOODS
AND FINAU COMING UP NEXT AT
NUMBER 1.
LET'S GO TO SCHAUFFELE.
IAN: HE WAS DOING GREAT ALL DAY
YESTERDAY.
NICE START.
JIM: THAT PUTS IT OUT OF MIND
WITH AN OPENING BIRDIE.
ONE IS PLAYING EASY TODAY.
LET'S BRING IT DOWN LIVE TO
BUTLER CABIN, AND HELLO JIM
NANTZ ALONG WITH SIR NICK
FALDO.
WELCOME TO THIS TRADITION
UNLIKE ANY OTHER.
BUT THIS, AGAIN, IS NOT
SOMETHING THAT WE'VE EVER SEEN
BEFORE, NICK.
GOOD MORNING.
THIS IS A FIRST, BUT TO GO THIS
EARLY, AND YOU KNOW THE WEATHER
IS OUT THERE, AND WE DON'T KNOW
WHEN IT'S GOING TO HIT.
BUT IT'S GOING TO IMPACT PLAY
BECAUSE WE DO EXPECT WINDS WILL
PICK UP AT SOME POINT, EVEN IN
ADVANCE OF THE ELECTRICITY.
WHAT DO YOU THINK IT'S GOING TO
BE LIKE OUT THERE?
NICK: NUMBER ONE, PLAYING EARLY
IS GREAT FOR THE ANXIETY LEVEL,
ISN'T IT?
WE ALWAYS TALK ABOUT, WELL, HOW
DO YOU SPEND YOUR TIME SUNDAY
MORNING PREPARING FOR THE
AFTERNOON TEE TIMES?
YOUR MIND IS SPINNING, THINKING
OF ALL THE WRONG THINGS.
SO GET UP AND GET ON WITH IT.
WHO KNOWS HOW THE WEATHER IS
GOING TO CHANGE.
I MEAN, IF THE BREEZE COMES UP,
THE GUYS WHO GO OUT ONE HOUR
BEFORE THE LEADERS, DO THEY
HAVE ENOUGH, YOU KNOW, TIME AND
ENOUGH HOLES FOR IT TO MAKE AN
ADVANTAGE?
JIM: WHAT ABOUT THE LAST GROUP,
MOLINARI WITH TIGER RIGHT THERE
AND TONY FINAU, WHO KNOWS HOW
TO GO LOW?
NICK: MOLINARI FENDED OFF TIGER
AT CORN OUST AUTO IN SCOTLAND.
THIS IS AMERICA.
-- AT CARNOUSTIE IN SCOTLAND.
THE NOISE AND SUPPORT FOR TIGER
IS MOAN MEANT.
I'M ANXIOUS TO SEE IF HE'LL BE
OBLIVIOUS TO ALL OF THAT.
BROOKS KOEPKA, THAT'S HIS STYLE
OF GOLF.
THEY GO IN THE ZONE, WE CALL IT
NOW THE COOK AN BACK IN OUR
DAY.
BUT JUST TO BLOCK OUT
EVERYTHING THAT'S GOING ON IN
THAT FINAL GROUP WILL BE VERY
DIFFICULT.
JIM: LET'S GET BACK OUT TO THE
PLAY AT THE 1ST HOLE.
JUSTIN HARDING, FROM SOUTH
AFRICA, GREW UP ON THE SAME
GOLF COURSE AS THE IMMELMAN
BROTHERS, MARK AND TREVOR, WHO
WON HERE IN 2008, AND THAT'S A
BIRDIE.
GIVING AWAY BIRDIES AT THE 1ST,
NICK.
NICK: THAT'S UNUSUAL.
THE CONDITIONS, AS I THINK THE
GUYS ARE JUST CONFIDENT WHAT
THEY CAN DO, AND THEY CAN TRUST
HOW THE BALL WILL REACT.
THAT'S THE MOST IMPORTANT
THING.
JIM: LET'S GO TO 3.
IAN: THE BIRDIE PUTT FOR PHIL
MICKELSON AFTER DRIVING IT FAR
LEFT OFF THE TEE.
RECOVERS.
LET'S BACK TO LEVEL PAR FOR THE
DAY, SIX UNDER FOR THE
TOURNAMENT.
PHIL CONCENTRATING ON HOW FAR
HE CAN HIT IT WITH A DRIVER,
NOT QUITE A HOUSE STRAIGHT.
LET'S GO BACK TO 1.
JIM: WHERE SIMPSON IS TRYING TO
FIGURE OUT WHAT THE RIGHT PLAY
IS.
>> FIVE YARDS SHORT.
>> THAT'S IT.
JIM: HIS CADDIE ALSO SERVES AS
WEBB'S TEACHER, AND THEY'RE
GREAT FRIENDS.
NICK: YEAH, THEY'RE LOOKING
ANYTHING SHORT.
THEY'RE SAYING FIVE YARDS
SHORT, ANYTHING RIGHT.
I MEAN, THAT'LL BE FINE.
HIT A LOW SLICE.
THAT'S WHAT HE'S LOOKING FOR.
[APPLAUSE]
NICK: A LAY-UP, BUT
UNFORTUNATELY, IT'S A VERY
STEEP SLOPE THERE AT THE FRONT
OF THE GREEN.
THAT'LL GO BACK.
BUT NICE, FLAT AREA.
NICE, FLAT PLATEAU DOWN THE
LEFT OF MIDDLE.
JIM: WELL, THAT IS A
SIGNIFICANT ROAR.
LET'S SEE IAN POULTER NOW WITH
HIS SECOND ON 1.
YOU'RE GOING HEAR A LOT OF
THOSE TODAY, FOLKS.
NICK: UNFORTUNATELY, STOOD UP
ON THAT ONE, MIS-HIT THAT A
TOUCH.
OH, NOW THAT BREEZE IS PICKING
UP.
AND LOOK WHERE BROOKS HIT THAT
DRIVE, JIM.
WHEN HE COMES ON THE TEE, HIS
SHOULDERS FILL THE TELEVISION
SET, DON'T THEY?
THE WHOLE SCREEN.
HE POUNDED THAT.
THAT MIGHT BE 30, 40 YARDS.
JIM: SEE IF HE CAN TAKE
ADVANTAGE.
123 HERE.
NICK: KNOCKDOWN DRAW.
THEY CANNOT GO LEFT TO THE
FLAG.
THAT'S A FALSE EDGE TO THE
LEFT-HAND SIDE OF THE GREEN, SO
WON'T BE OVEREXCITED ABOUT THAT
ONE.
HE COULD HAVE GOT THAT ON THE
UPPER LEVEL.
JIM: LET'S GO TO 16.
BILL: THAT WAS A MOMENT AGO.
VICTOR, THE ONLY NORWEGIAN WHO
HAS EVER QUALIFIED TO PLAY.
VERNE: AND THE AMATEURS THUS
FAR, H.O.V.LAND CURRENTLY WELL
IN THE LEAD.
ORTIZ, TANAYA AND BLING.
WELL, AFTER HOVLAND BIRDIED 16,
BRYSON DECHAMBEAU SAID LET ME
SEE IF I CAN DO ONE BETTER.
7-IRON.
AH, YES.
[APPLAUSE]
VERNE: THAT IS THE 21ST HOLE IN
ONE ON 16.
BRYSON DECHAMBEAU.
THAT WAS A MOMENT AGO.
CHARLEY HOFFMAN A MOMENT AGO
CAME WITHIN TWO INCHES OF A
HOLE IN ONE.
HE HAD ONE A YEAR AGO.
SOMETHING ABOUT THIS PLACE.
TIGER'S AT 1.
NICK: A LITTLE BIT MORE STRESS
ON TIGER'S FACE THAN YESTERDAY.
JIM: CAN I JUST SAY THIS ABOUT
DECHAMBEAU?
THAT WAS HIS FIRST EVER KNOLL
ONE.
HE WAS TALKING ABOUT IT EARLIER
THIS WEEK, AND YOU SAW HOW
EUPHORIC HE WAS.
IT WAS NOTHING HERE, BUT HE'D
BEEN TALKING ABOUT IT, AND IT
ARRIVES, OF ALL PLACES, AT THE
MASTERS.
BACK AT 1 GREEN, SIMPSON WITH A
WONDERFUL SHOT.
CHIP LEFT ABOUT THREE FEET
SHORT OF THE HOLE.
BACK TO 16.
VERNE: YEAH, SWELLING WITH
PRIDE.
[APPLAUSE]
VERNE: HE WILL FIND A PLACE ON
THE FIREPLACE MANTEL FOR THAT
ONE.
LET'S GET ANOTHER 7-IRON SHOT.
IT WAS A BEAUTY.
IT DID COME ON.
[APPLAUSE]
I MUST TELL YOU, THIS IS MY
20TH YEAR IN THE 16TH TOWER.
THERE HAVE BEEN 21 HOLES IN
ONE.
I'VE SEEN MORE THAN HALF.
LET'S GO UP TO KOEPKA.
JIM: MAYBE THERE'S ANOTHER ONE
COMING TODAY, TOO, VERNING AS
KOEPKA JUST POPS IT UP THERE.
LOOKING FOR A LITTLE TWO-PUTT
PAR START.
AND NOW THE FINAL GROUP IS
ABOUT TO GET STARTED.
IAN: A BIT OF AN
UNDERSTATEMENT.
>> FORE, PLEASE, FRANCESCO
MOLINARI.
[APPLAUSE]
JIM: HE'S 36 YEARS OLD, RANKED
SEVENTH IN THE WORLD, AND HE'S
NEVER BEEN BETTER.
I MEAN, AT AGE 35, HE JUST WENT
TO A WHOLE NEW PLACE WITH HIS
GAME LAST SUMMER AND WON THE
OPEN CHAMPIONSHIP.
NICK: QUITE HAPPY TO PLAY
STRATEGY AFTER WHAT WE SWAW
KOEPKA.
3-WOOD, NO TROUBLE OR THOUGHTS
OF HITTING THE BUNKER ON THE
RIGHT.
JIM: WATCH WITH A LITTLE
CONCERN.
NICK: YEAH, IT'S JUST GOING TO
STICK ON THE UP SLOPE.
>> FORE, PLEASE, TONY FINAU NOW
DRIVING.
[APPLAUSE]
JIM: 29 YEARS OLD, 15TH IN THE
WORLD.
FATHER OF FOUR.
NICK: COMING BACK.
JIM: HUGGING THAT LEFT SIDE.
FINDS STRAW.
NICK: OH, AND THE TREE IN THE
BACKSWING.
>> FORE, PLEASE, TIGER WOODS
NOW DRIVING.
JIM: WILL THERE BE THE DAY THAT
AS RECENT AS JUST TWO YEARS AGO
NO ONE EVER THOUGHT WOULD
HAPPEN AGAIN, TIGER WITH A
MAJOR.
NICK: TRYING TO TAKE THE SAME
STRATEGY.
TWO YEARS AGO, JIM, TIGER
DIDN'T PLAY HE WOULD PLAY GOLF
AGAIN.
JIM: THAT'S RIGHT.
FUSED BACK OPERATION.
TRYING TO WIN A MAJOR FOR THE
FIRST TIME WHEN NOT LEADING
AFTER THREE ROUNDS.
NICK: YEAH, I WOULDN'T WORRY
ABOUT ONE SHOT, THOUGH.
I THINK HE'S GOING PLAY IT LIKE
A MARATHON, JUST HANG TIGHT AND
SEE WHAT HAPPENS.
JIM: GOT TO MAKE UP TWO.
POULTER AT 1 FOR BIRDIE.
AND THEY ALL THREE MADE THEIR
PUTTS, AS THE TEE SHOTS WERE
STRUCK BACK ON THE TEE AT 1.
SO OPENING PARS FOR EVERYONE IN
THAT GROUP.
EVERYONE IS ON THE COURSE, THE
FINAL ROUND OF THE 83RD MASTERS
IS UNDERWAY.
JIM: THE MASTERS IS SPONSORED
BY AT&T.
IBM, LET'S PUT SMART TO WORK.
AND BY MEASURE SAINEDS BENZ,
THE BEST OR NOTHING.
MERCEDES-BENZ, THE BEST OR
NOTHING.
JIM: THE 5TH HOLE, AND JORDAN
SPIETH, THREE UNDER THROUGH HIS
FIRST FOUR.
THAT ONE GOT AWAY FROM HIM.
NICK: YOU CAN SEAT RIDGE LINE
THERE WHERE JORDAN'S BALL IS,
THAT'S HOW CLOSE IT IS.
JIM: LET'S GO TO 4.
DOTTIE: JON RAHM, SECOND AT THE
4TH.
OH, TERRIFIC.
SHORT GAME IS SO GOOD.
THE ARTISTRY OF THIS PLACE IS
BROUGHT OUT THE REALLY GOOD
STUFF OF JON RAHM, AS WE GO
BACK TO THE 1TH.
JIM: MOLINARI IS AWAY.
NICK: WAY BACK, JUST GOING TO
BE A GOOD, SOLID SHOT FROM
PROBABLY ABOUT A 5-IRON.
JUST CENTER OF THE GREEN.
NICE LITTLE RIDGE TO THE RIGHT
OF THE HOLE TO USE WHICH WAS A
NICE LITTLE BUFFER.
DRAW IT IN THERE.
WATCH THAT EDGE, WATCH THAT
EDGE.
IT'S SO SOFT, JIM.
WOW, THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN GONE
IN THE PAST.
THAT'S ACTUALLY A FINE SHOT,
SIMPLE CHIP OR PROBABLY PUTT IT
DOWN THE HILL.
JIM: TIGER WILL BE NEXT, AND
THEN FINAU WAY UP AHEAD OF HIM,
BUT TANGLED UP IN THE PINE
STRAW AND MAY HAVE ISSUES WITH
HIS SWING WITH THE TREE.
JIM: YOU LISTEN TO TIGER IN HIS
INTERVIEW WITH AMANDA AFTER THE
ROUND, AND EVEN WITH THE MEDIA
GATHERING AFTERWARDS, YOU GET
TO TALK ABOUT HOW HE'S GOT TO
BE PATIENT TODAY.
HE NEEDS TO GET OFF TO A GOOD
START.
HE'S NOT PLAYED THE FIRST FIVE
HOLES THAT WELL THIS WEEK.
NICK: LEFT TO RIGHT WIND
WORKING IT BACK, SO THERE WE
GO.
VERY GOOD.
JIM: THAT WAS ABOUT A FOOT AWAY
FROM GETTING UP ABOVE THAT
RIDGE.
JIM: YEAH, THERE'S SOME
RESTRICTION HERE FOR SURE, HAVE
TO GO REALLY UPRIGHT WITH IT.
NICK: HAVE THE BACKSWING, BUT
THIS WAY, CAN HE GET ENOUGH
HAND ACTION TO SCUTTLE IT ALONG
THERE YOU GO, KEEP GOING, KEEP
GOING.
JIM: THAT DIDN'T HELP.
NICK: IT WAS STILL GOING TO BE
SHORT, BUT AT LEAST HE GOT PAST
THE CORNER OF THE BUNKER AND
GOT A CLEAR RUN UP THE GREEN TO
THE FLAG.
JIM: OVER TO 2.
IAN: BROOKS KOEPKA AT THE TEE
HERE.
MADE SEVEN HERE.
EARLIER IN THE WEEK BY GOING A
LITTLE LEFT, BUT IS HE LONG
ENOUGH TODAY TO GET AROUND THE
CORNER?
VERY LONG.
IT'S DOWN AROUND THE CORNER.
PINK DOGWOOD THREEDS THE DRIVE
DOWN BETWEEN THE MAJESTIC
PINES, DOWN TOWARDS THE LEFT
EDGEOF THAT RIGHT BUNKER.
AVOID THE LEFT BECAUSE IT ROLLS
DOWN INTO THE LITTLE STREAM
DOWN THERE IN THE PINE STRAW.
320 WOULD BE A GREAT SHOT,
LEAVING AN OPENING TO THE
GREEN.
SOMETIMES THE PINES ON THE LEFT
COME INTO PLAY, DEPENDING ON
HOLE LOCATIONS.
A LAY-UP AREA JUST SHORT LEAVES
A TRICKY LITTLE PITCH TODAY TO
THAT FRONT RIGHT HOLE LOCATION.
LONG ISN'T TOO BAD.
ANYWHERE ON THE GREEN FOR TWO
IS WHAT THEY'RE LOOKING FOR.
JIM: THIS FOR THE SAVE.
ON THE 5TH.
DROPS BACK TO SIX UNDER.
OF COURSE, WHERE THE TOURNAMENT
BEGAN WITH THAT WONDERFUL
SPRINGTIME TRADITION, ON A
THURSDAY MORNING, JACK NICKLAUS
AND GARY PLAYER ARRIVING AS THE
HONORARY STARTERS, INTRODUCED
BY CHAIRMAN FRED RIDLEY, GARY
PLAYER.
RIPPED IT DOWN THE MIDDLE.
AND THEN JACK.
JIM: BACK AT THE 1TH, AND FINAU
WITH HIS THIRD.
NICK: CHIP AND RUN FROM ABOUT
30 YARDS.
OH, THAT'S EXCELLENT, ISN'T IT?
THAT'S A NICE END TO THE
NERVES.
CAN HANDLE THAT.
HE LOOKS REALLY NERVOUS,
DOESN'T HE?
HARDLY.
LOOK AT THAT.
EVERYBODY SO ENGROSSED IN THEIR
OWN GAME RIGHT NOW, THEIR OWN
THOUGHTS.
JUST WANT TO GET OFF SMOOTHLY,
SETTLE DOWN.
JIM: ONE THING THEY DIDN'T HAVE
TO DO IS WAIT AROUND ALL
MORNING AND EARLY AFTERNOON
BEFORE THE USUAL START IN THE
NEIGHBORHOOD OF 3:00, SO MAYBE
IT'S BETTER, IN SOME CASES, TO
GO AHEAD AND JUST GET IT
STARTED HERE TODAY.
NICK: ABSOLUTELY, ABSOLUTELY.
NO TIME TO THINK ABOUT IT.
YOU GO THROUGH -- YOU KNOW,
MANY WERE SAYING THEY WERE
GOING TO GET UP AT 6:00.
TIGER PROBABLY GOT UP AT 4:00.
OF COURSE, THERE WAS
PHOTOGRAPHS OF HIM IN THE GYM
AT 5:00 THIS MORNING.
SO HE WENT THROUGH HIS ROUTINE
TO WARM UP THE BACK.
A LITTLE MORE DOWNHILL THAN IT
LOOKED ON THE EARLY SHOT.
ANOTHER DOWN SLOPE ABOUT FOUR,
FIVE PACES BEFORE THE FLAG.
CAREFUL.
JIM: WOW, YADIER MOLINA HAS
MADE -- FRANCESCO MOLINARI HAS
MADE ONLY ONE BOGEY ALL WEEK.
LET'S GO UP AHEAD TO THE 2ND.
NICK: XANDER SCHAUFFELE FINDS
THE TRICKY PITCH I WAS TALKING
ABOUT.
USE THE BACK SLOPE.
YOU CAN'T REALLY EXPECT TO LAND
IT OVER THE BUNKER AND STOP IT
WITHOUT THAT BACKSTOP.
IF IT'S ABOUT 40 YARDS, HE CAN
PROBABLY JUST GET SOME SPIN ON
IT.
OH, COMPLETELY DIFFERENT WITH
THE SOFTNESS.
BEAUTIFUL TOUCH, BEAUTIFUL
DISTANCE CONTROL.
JIM: BACK OVER TO 1, TIGER FOR
BIRDIE.
REALLY SURPRISED THAT MOLINARI
THIRD SHOT GOT AWAY FROM HIM TO
THAT EXTREME.
STAY CONNECTED TO ALL THE
TOURNAMENT ACTION ANYWHERE, ANY
TIME, BY VISITING MASTERS.COM.
FANS WILL BE ABLE TO FOLLOW TO
THE FINAL PUTT ON THE 18TH
GREEN, JUST DOWNLOAD THE
OFFICIAL APP, ALSO ON FACEBOOK
AND INSTAGRAM.
NICK: GOT TO GET THE RIGHT MIX
ON THIS RIGHT NOW.
JIM: UNFAZED AGAIN.
FRANCESCO WITH THE FANTASTIC
PUTT FOR PAR.
LET'S GO TO THE 6TH.
VERNE: AND JORDAN SPIETH,
7-IRON.
WELL, HOW ABOUT THIS?
MISFIRE AT THE 5TH, AND, OF
COURSE, SIGNIFICANT MEMORIES
FOR JORDAN SPIETH AND HIS PLAY
IN THE FINAL ROUND LAST YEAR
WHILE CHASING PATRICK REED.
LET'S GO TO 2.
IAN: THIS IS FOR PAR FOR JUSTIN
HARDING.
VERY SLIPPERY DOWN THE HILL
HERE.
HE HIT IT IN THE PENALTY AREA
DOWN THE LEFT, I MENTIONED WHEN
WE SHOWED THE HOLE FROM THE
AIR.
SO THAT WILL BE A
DISAPPOINTING, EVEN A 5 HERE IS
A LITTLE DISAPPOINTING, 6 WILL
BE NOT FUN AT ALL.
MATT KUCHAR AT EIGHT UNDER,
ANOTHER FINE SHOWING IN A MAJOR
CHAMPIONSHIP FOR MATT.
BUT STILL LOOKING FOR A WIN IN
ONE OF THEM.
THAT'S WHERE YOU NEED TO BE.
YOU CAN BE MORE AGGRESSIVE FROM
PUNDER THE HOLE HERE.
VERY QUICK DOWN BEHIND.
NINE UNDER AND A TIE FOR 5TH.
IAN: THAT'S THE ANGLE THAT
XANDER SCHAUFFELE WAS FIRING
FROM OVER THAT BUNKER.
IF YOU WANT TO TRY TO REALLY
SPIN IT HARD, YOU CAN BRING IT
BACK DOWN THE SLOPE.
BUT TRYING TO LOB IT SHORT AND
KEEP IT SHORT IS VERY DIFFICULT
TO DO, EVEN WITH THE GREENS AS
SOFT AS THEY ARE THIS YEAR.
AUSTIN, HIS CADDIE, ALWAYS
HELPS HIM WITH THE READ.
LIKE SO MANY TODAY, LEFT HAND
LOW.
SUPERB.
WONDERFUL UP AND DOWN FROM
SHORT OF THE GREEN.
WHAT A START FOR XANDER
SCHAUFFELE.
ALWAYS HANGING AROUND IN THE
MAJORS IN THE BIG EVENTS IS
XANDER THE LAST COUPLE OF
YEARS, FOUR WINS TO HIS CREDIT
ALREADY.
OVER TO RICKIE.
VERNE: AT THE 3RD HOLE, THIS
FOR PAR, HIS SECOND SHOT CAME
OFF THE FRONT EDGE, ROLLED BACK
DOWN AROUND 80 FEET OR SO.
PITCHED IT TO HERE.
FOR MY LIKING, ONE OF THE BEST
PUTTING STROKES FOR TECHNIQUE,
RHYTHM ON THE PGA TOUR.
ONE UNDER TODAY SO FAR.
BACK TO 2.
NICK: COULDN'T AGREE WITH YOU
MORE, PETER, SPECTACULAR.
IN DISCUSSION THERE WITH
POULTER, AS JIM MENTIONED AT
THE 1ST, GOOD FRIENDS.
BREEZE QUITE SIGNIFICANT.
YOU CAN SEE HIS SHIRT FLAPPING
THERE.
WAY RIGHT.
XANDER SCHAUFFELE, THE GROUP
AHEAD.
IAN: VERY DAMP UNDERNEATH,
NICK, ALWAYS THE TREACHEROUS
FEELING OF OH, BOY, I HOPE I
DON'T CHUCK THIS.
BROOKS KOEPKA, 244 IS ALL HE
HAS LEFT.
FIRED AROUND THE PINES, TRYING
GET IT LEFT UP INTO THE FRONT
SECTION OF THE GREEN.
AND I BELIEVE HE'S FOUND THE
LEFT.
NOT TOO MUCH TROUBLE IF THE LIE
IS FINE.
THREE MAJORS IN HIS LAST SEVEN,
AND HE DID NOT PLAY HERE LAST
YEAR THROUGH INJURIES, SO
REALLY, THREE OF HIS LAST SIX
FOR BROOKS.
BACK AT THE TEE.
WHAT A SPECTACULAR PAR FOR
FRANCESCO.
HE HAD TWO REALLY GOOD PAR
SAVES YESTERDAY MORNING ON 4
AND 5, AND THEN BIRDIED 6, AND
THAT KICK-STARTED HIS ROUND.
ONLY ONE BOGEY ALL WEEK.
IAN: WILL IT REACH THE BUNKER?
NO, THAT'S A GOOD, SAFE PLAY.
BE ABLE TO HIT 3-WOOD FROM
THERE, JUST SHORT OF THE GREEN.
HIS WEAPON IS HIS STABILITY AND
HIS PRECISION.
MAKES VERY, VERY FEW MISTAKES.
WHEREAS THIS YOUNG FELLA IS
JUST A PRODIGIOUS DRIVER OF THE
BALL, AVERAGING 320 THIS WEEK,
LEADS DRIVING DISTANCE.
SHORT SWING, GREAT HANDS.
THAT'S AWESOME.
YOU WOULD SAY, NICK, THAT'S THE
PERFECT POSITION.
NICK: YEAH, IT'S STEEP, THOUGH,
VERY STEEP DOWNHILL LIE.
BUT AGREE, GET IT AROUND THE
CORNER.
HE'S PROBABLY GOING TO GET A
BIG 5-IRON IN THERE.
IAN: HE DOES HIT IT A LONG WAY.
LET'S SEE WHAT SHAPE TIGER
CHOOSES.
DRAW IT OFF THE BUNKER.
IS HE DRAWING IT TOO MUCH?
AND YES, HE HAS T. IS DOWN IN
THE PINE STRAW, AND THAT CAN
FIND A TERRIBLE POSITION DOWN
THERE.
IT'S VERY QUICK DOWN THE SLOPE
INTO THE AZALEAS AND THE
DOGWOODS, AND A LITTLE STREAM
RUNS DOWN THERE AS WELL.
THE HOLE SBRICE YOU TO O THAT,
TO DRAW IT OFF THE BUNKER.
LET'S GO TO 6.
>> AND JORDAN SPIETH FROM
BIRDIE.
OH, BROTHER.
TO 5TH.
JIM: PHIL MICKELSON.
PETER: JUST CANNOT GO RIGHT TO
THE FLAG MORE THAN THREE PACES.
OH, IT THREADS IT TO THE INCH.
JIM: LOOK AT THIS, FROM 2515!
NICK: IT'S IN!
JIM: 215!
OH!
ONE INCH.
NICK: IF VERNE WAS ON THE CALL,
THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN IN.
JIM: THAT'S WHAT IT MISSED.
WOW.
MOLINARI IN THE FAIRWAY.
TIGER IN TROUBLE OFF THE TEE AT
2.
FINAU WITH A BOMB DOWN THE
MIDDLE.
IAN: THE WEATHER CAME IN,
EVERYTHING WENT WRONG.
THIRD ROUND.
BUT I CAME BACK SOMEHOW AND
LOOKED AT THE STARTING TIMES
SANDIRKTSDZ, COME, YOU CAN
STILL DO THIS SOMEHOW.
LOOK AT NAMES AROUND YOU.
YOU CAN STILL DO THIS.
SO I CAME BACK OUT, CHANGED
PUTTERS, AND WENT DOWN THE 1ST,
THE FRONT OF THE GREEN, AND
HOLED IT.
40-FEERT.
BIRDIED 2.
BIRDIED 4.
JIM: NICK WAS FIVE SHOTS BACK.
HE TURNED A FOUR UNDER 32.
THEN HE BIRDIED 13 AND 14.
THEN 16 AND 17.
EIGHT BIRD HES IN ALL TO SHOOT
65, THE LOWEST ROUND OF THE
DAY.
IT WAS GOOD ENOUGH TO SEND THE
MASTERS TO A PLAYOFF.
WHERE SCOTT HOCH MISSED WHAT
WOULD HAVE BEEN A WINNING
TWO-FOOT PUTT FOR PAR.
ON THE SECOND PLAYOFF HOLE, THE
11TH, NICK DRAINED A 30-FOOTER
FOR THE VICTORY.
>> THERE IT IS!
JIM: IT WAS HIS FIRST OF THREE
MASTERS WINS.
30 YEARS AGO.
ALMOST A HALF A LIFETIME AGO.
CONGRATULATIONS.
NICK: IT WAS, YEAH.
31 THERE, 61 NOW.
IT'S HALF MY LIFE.
THAT'S WHAT I HAVE TO DEAL
WITH.
I ENOUT MEMORIES, BUT THINKING
IT'S HALF MY LIFE AGO STRUCK ME
WITH THAT.
JIM: OF COURSE, YOU WON IT TWO
MORE TIMES.
SO, I MEAN, EVERY TIME YOU COME
HERE, THE MEMORIES YOU HAVE.
NICK: OF COURSE, IT'S SO
SPECIAL.
I HAVE THE ONE-FOOT TREE.
I BRING MY SON, MATTHEW, HE'S
BEEN HERE SINCE HE WAS 18.
HE'S NOW 30.
SO WE PLAYED TOGETHER, AND WE
ALWAYS HAVE A WONDERFUL TIME
WALKING DOWN THE 11TH HOLE.
I DID A LITTLE PIECE FOR THE
CLUB.
SO TO WALK DOWN THERE AND
REMINISCE, IT'S GOING CHOKE ME
UP.
JIM: YEAH.
THERE YOU GO.
EXACTLY HOW YOU WERE WHEN YOU
WON THE GREEN JACKET IN HERE.
NICK: I KNEW YOU WANTED TO DO
THAT TO ME.
[LAUGHTER]
JIM: YEAH, SPECIAL MEMORIES.
LET'S GO BACK OUT TO THE PLAY
AT THE 2ND.
KEVIN: AND I KNOW EXACTLY HOW
YOU FEEL, NICK.
HE ALWAYS GETS ME TO CRY, TOO,
AT THE OPEN CHAMPIONSHIP WHEN
WE TALK ABOUT MY WIN THERE.
WELL DONE, MATE.
TIGER'S SECOND FROM THE TREES.
HE GOT A BIT OF A BREAK THERE,
BEING ABLE TO PITCH OUT SO
CLEANLY.
AND HE'S GOTTEN OUT OF TROUBLE
EXCEPTIONALLY WELL ALL WEEK.
WELL PLAYED THERE.
DIDN'T TRY TO TAKE ON TOO MUCH.
THIS IS FOR PAR.
IAN POULTER WAS LONG IN THREE,
CHIPPED IT DOWN TO HERE, AND
LIKE JUSTIN HARDING, WILL WALK
OFF WITH A BOGEY.
DISAPPOINTING SIX THERE AT THE
2ND.
WEBB SIMPSON IN SHOT, HAS HIS
PUTT FOR BIRDIE.
THIS IS WHERE HE PITCHED TO.
VERNE: XANDER SCHAUFFELE DOWN
BELOW THE GREEN, CANNOT SEE THE
BOTTOM OF THE FLAGSTICK.
JUST A LITTLE OVER 40 YARDS.
IT WILL BE DIFFICULT TO GET
ENOUGH SPIN ON THIS.
YOU'D HAVE TO TRY TO THROW IT A
BIT HIGH, USE SOMETHING SOFTER.
PETER: THAT'S WHAT RICKIE
FOWLER DID EARLIER.
IT WILL ROLL ALL THE WAY DOWN,
SLIGHTLY SHORTER VERSION OF IT.
TRADITIONAL YOU OVERREACT, AND
HIT IT LONG.
LET'S GO BACK TO 2.
IAN: BROOKS KOEPKA FOR BIRDIE
TO GET TO 11 UNDER AND TWO
BACK.
JIM: JUST A MACHINE.
IAN: SHOWS VERY LITTLE EMOTION.
JUST KEEPS GRINDING.
PETER: JUST LIKE ME.
JIM: JUST LIKE YOU, NICK.
THIS WAS MOMENTS AGO FOR WEBB.
NICK: SO FAST DOWN THERE.
NICE, FLAT LIE, BUT A LONG WAY
TO GO FOR OUR LEADER.
307 YARDS TO THE HOLE.
HAS TO DECIDE WHAT ANGLE HE
WANTS FOR THE PITCH.
I LIKE THAT.
HOOK IT AS FAR LEFT AS
POSSIBLE, CLEAR VIEW.
OH, VERY GOOD.
EXTREMELY GOOD.
JIM: AS HE COULD DO, NICK, FROM
THAT FAR BACK.
NICK: JUST CHIP AND RUN, 20
FEET FROM LEFT TO RIGHT, BUT
CLEAR RUN.
KEVIN: AND THEY ALL KNOW, AS WE
MENTIONED EARLIER, THEY
PRACTICE THAT ANGLE AND THAT
SHOT ALL WEEK IN PRACTICE.
265 TO THE HOLE FOR TONY.
MIDDLE OF THE GREEN, AND TRY TO
USE THE SLOPE TO FEED IT AROUND
TO THE RIGHT.
IF YOU CAN LAND IT AT LEAST 15
YARDS INTO THE GREEN, THEN HE
PICKS UP THAT MIDDLE SLOPE.
OR YOU DAIRY RIGHT OVER THE
CORNER -- OR YOU CARRY IT RIGHT
OVER THE CORNER.
THAT WAS A MISS BECAUSE OF THE
STEEP SLOPE YOU MENTIONED.
NICK: THAT IS MIGHTY STEEP.
HARD TO HIT A LONG IRON FLUSH
AND HIGH FROM SUCH A SEVERE
DOWN SLOPE.
OVER TO 3.
VERNE: THE THIRD SHOT NOW FOR
XANDER SCHAUFFELE.
PETER: THAT COULD HAVE GONE IN
FOR THE SAME PRICE, BUT HE'LL
HAVE THAT DOWNHILL RIGHT
BREAKER FOR HIS PAR.
BACK TO TIGER AND 2.
NICE DISCUSSION THERE WITH JOE
LACAVA, TIGER'S CADDIE.
PETER: IF HE'S REALLY GOOD, HE
COULD NAME FOR HIS NAME ON THAT
SCOREBOARD, BACK BEHIND SEVEN,
AND THAT'S A PERFECT LINE,
ISN'T IT?
RIGHT THERE, MIDDLE OF THAT.
AND DOESN'T NEED TO DO TOO
MUCH, HE'LL TRY TO HOLD IT,
FADE A LITTLE, BUT THE SLOPE
WILL BRING IT AROUND, IF HE CAN
LAND IT IN THE RIGHT PLACE.
GOOD CONTACT.
ANOTHER YARD IT WOULD HAVE BEEN
GREAT.
JUST TAKING A LITTLE LEFT KICK
INSTEAD OF BEING A YARD LEFT
AND TAKING THE RIGHT KICK.
PETER: ON THE TEE AT 3, BROOKS
KOEPKA.
ABOUT HALF THE FIELD HAS BEEN
LAYING UP TODAY TO ATTACK THAT
LEFT HOLE LOCATION.
NOT BROOKS, HOWEVER.
WELL, THAT'S COMING BACK
AROUND.
THAT MIGHT NOT BE TOO BAD UP
THERE.
RIGHT NOW, FRANCESCO MOLINARI
MAINTAINS A TWO-SHOT LEAD IN
THE FINAL ROUND OF THE 2019
MASTERS.
JIM: FOR PARENTS OF BOYS AND
GIRLS 7 TO 15, REGARDLESS OF
STILL LEVEL, DRIVE, CHIP AND
PUTT REGISTRATION IS OPEN.
VISIT DRIVECHIPANDPUTT.COM TO
FIND A LOCAL QUALM FEWER NEAR
AND YOU REGISTER.
WINNERS GET TO BRING A PARENT,
AND THEY ADVANCE TO THE 2020
NATIONAL FINALS AT AUGUSTA
NATIONAL.
GO BACK TO 3.
PETER: XANDER SCHAUFFELE, THIS
TO STAY AT MINUS 10.
DIDN'T MAKE HARDLY ANYTHING
YESTERDAY.
HE'S MADE TWO REALLY GOOD PUTTS
SO FAR TODAY.
CAN HE MAKE A THIRD?
WELL, THAT BALL BREAKS OFF DOWN
TOWARDS RAY'S CREEK.
LET'S GO BACK TO 2.
IAN: WHERE FRANCESCO HAS LEFT
HIMSELF IN AS GOOD OF POSITION
AS POFPBLE OH, GREAT ANGLE.
DOES HE TRY TO LAND IT STRAIGHT
IN LINE WITH THE FLAG WITH
SPIN, OR DOES HE GO LEFT AND
LET IT ROLL DOWN?
HE LOOKS LIKE HE'S AIMING
STRAIGHT.
BEAUTIFUL SHOT.
A LITTLE TOO MUCH SPIN ON THE
DOWN SLOPE.
BUT LEFT IT UNDER THE HOLE.
LOOKING TO BECOME THE FIRST
ITALIAN TO WIN HERE AT THE
MASTERS.
HE, OF COURSE, WAS THE FIRST TO
WIN AT THE OPEN CHAMPIONSHIP
LAST YEAR AT CARNOUSTIE.
NOW TONY.
SPINNING LOB WEDGE WITH SOME
LEFT TO RIGHT SPIN WOULD BE
IDEAL.
THAT'S WHAT HE WAS TRYING TO
GET IT TO DO, COME BACK DOWN
THE SLOPE, STILL FEEDING EVER
SO SLOWLY.
ALMOST.
OVER TO 6.
VERNE: MICKELSON.
8-IRON.
VERY WELL DONE.
MANAGED TO PLACE IT ATOP THAT
SHELF.
THIS THE TRADITIONAL SUNDAY
PLACE.
LET'S GO TO THREE.
IAN: IAN POULTER, 128 YARDS.
PETER: A LOT OF PLAYERS ELECT
TO LAY BACK AND GET A PULL
WEDGE AND GET SOME SPIN ON THE
BALL.
OK, THAT'LL REALLY QUICK.
HE'S PUTTING RATE STRAIGHT
TOWARDS RAY'S CREEK.
BACK TO 2.
IAN: VISUALIZE THE SPEED.
WHAT SPEED DO YOU WANT IT
COMING OVER THE CREST AND DOWN
AROUND THIS SLOPE?
NICK MENTIONED YESTERDAY, TRY
TO FIGURE OUT THE LAST FOUR TO
SIX FEET, EXACTLY WHAT ANGLE HE
COMES IN AND DECIDE WHERE TO
START THE PUTT TO GET IT TO
FEED DOWN AT THE END, VERY FAST
AT THE END.
WE'VE SEEN THIS PUTT A COUPLE
OF TIMES ALREADY RECENTLY.
JUSTIN THOMAS PUTTED DOWN TO
TAP-IN RANGE.
JON RAHM AS WELL.
TWO PUTTS WOULD BE GOOD.
GET OFF THE PAR AFTER THE POOR
TEE SHOT.
EACH TIME TIGER WAS 11 UNDER
PAR AFTER THREE ROUNDS AT THE
MASTERS HE WON.
HE'LL HAVE TO BE GREAT TO BEAT
FRANCESCO MOLINARI TODAY.
TWO BACK.
IAN: NOT BAD.
FOUR FEET LEFT.
NO GIMME.
CROSS OVER TO THE NEXT GREEN
AND BROOKS.
PETER: A GREAT VIEW OF WHAT
FACES KOEPKA.
HE CAN PUT THIS JUST RIGHT OF
THE HOLE TOWARD THE MIDDLE OF
THE GREEN AND LET GRAVITY TAKE
OVER.
THAT SHOWS YOU HOW QUICK THE
PUTT IAN POULTER WILL HAVE IS.
SO DIFFICULT.
EVEN IN THE SOFTER, SLOWER
CONDITIONS THAT WE HAVE THIS
WEEK BECAUSE OF WEATHER.
DON'T CONFUSE SLOWER WITH SLOW.
LET'S GO BACK TO 2.
IAN: SIX UNDER PAR YESTERDAY,
TIED THE RECORD FOR LOW NINE
HERE.
GETS RIGHT TO THE HOLE DOWN
THERE, JUST KEEPS GOING.
BUT IF YOU START IT LEFT, IT
STAYS LEFT.
IF HE WOULD GO ON AND WIN
TODAY, HE'D BE THE FIFTH
CONSECUTIVE PLAYER AT AUGUSTA
WHO HAD NOT PREVIOUSLY WON A
MAJOR.
JIM: PATRICK CANTLAY.
PETER: HE SHOT 64 YESTERDAY AND
BIRDIED ONLY ONE OF THE PAR
5'S.
HE HAD TWO 20'S AND SEVEN
THREE'S ON HIS CARD.
LET'S GO BACK TO 2.
IAN: HE MADE A BEAUTIFUL PUTT
AT THE 1ST FOR HIS PAR, SO HIS
CONFIDENCE IS HIGH.
VERY METHODICAL.
WHICH YOU NEED TO BE.
DISAPPOINTING FIVE, REALLY, AT
THE 2ND.
EVERYONE LOOKING TO TRY TO MAKE
BIRDIE THERE, GET OFF TO A
POSITIVE START.
T EVEN, NOT BAD AT ALL.
HUGE PUTT HERE FOR TIGER TO
STAY WITHIN TWO.
BE A GOOD PAR SAVE AFTER THE
POOR TEE SHOT.
JUST KEEP THAT MOMENTUM AND
RHYTHM AND POSITIVE VIBE GOING.
ALWAYS GOOD WHEN YOU HOLE YOUR
FIRST PUTT, EVEN IF IT IS ONLY
FROM FOUR OR FIVE FEET.
[APPLAUSE]
IAN: A PAR FOR TIGER AT THE
2ND.
BE VERY HAPPY TO STAY JUST
WITHIN THE TWO-SHOT LEAD OF
MOLINARI THERE AFTER THE TEE
SHOT.
OVER TO PHIL.
VERNE: AND PHIL MICKELSON
ATTEMPTS TO JOIN THOSE AT EIGHT
UNDER.
TAPPED IN FOR HIS PAR AT THE
2ND.
VERNE: THERE SHE GOES.
[APPLAUSE]
AFTER AN OPENING BOGEY, TREE
BIRDIES IN THE LAST FOUR HOLES.
LET'S GO TO 3.
PETER: AND THE BIRDIE TRY FOR
BROOKS KOEPKA TO GET TO MINUS
12.
IT BOBBLED A LITTLE BIT THROUGH
THE FRINGE, THAT KNOCKED A
LITTLE SPEED OFF.
SO HE'LL HAVE THAT LEFT FOR HIS
PAR.
OVER TO 5.
JIM: RICKIE FOWLER, GOOD TEE
SHOT HEEMPLET EIGHT UNDER PAR.
NICK: PERFECT FOR RICKIE, KEPT
IT IN.
HOW LITTLE CAN HE GO JUST LEFT
OF THE FLAG, HIS LEFT?
THAT'S THREE PACES, FANTASTIC.
JIM: TO 4.
DOTTIE: AND MATT KUCHAR.
A LITTLE EASIER CHIP SHOT HERE
THAN IT'S BEEN IN THE PAST.
AN FROM AN OBSERVATION STAND
THERE, AND THERE'S A LITTLE
MORE ROOM TO MISS LEFT.
BACK TO 3.
KEVIN: AND WE'RE GOING SEE
DIFFERENT STRATEGY HERE ON THE
3RD HOLE FOR THESE PLAYERS.
MOLINARI GOING WITH THE LONG
IRON, LAYING WELL BACK.
THIS WAY HE TAKES THE BUNKERS
OUT OF PLAY.
LET'S TAKE A LOOK AT FLOWERING
PEACH.
350 YARDS.
OPTIONS ARE LAY BACK LIKE
MOLINARI DID, STAY SHORT OF
THOSE BUNKERS DOWN THE
LEFT-HAND SIDE.
OR YOU CAN BE AGGRESSIVE LIKE
TONY FINAU MIGHT BE AND BROOKS
KOEPKA WAS, YOU CAN DRIVE IT UP
TO THE RIGHT.
IF YOU GET IT DOWN TO THE LEFT,
YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE A VERY
DIFFICULT SHOT TODAY, BECAUSE
YOU'RE GOING UPHILL TO A
FLAGSTICK THAT YOU CANNOT SEE
THE BOTTOM OF, AND ANYTHING
SHORT WILL ROLL RIGHT BACK DOWN
TO YOUR FEET.
HERE'S FINAU WITH THE DRIVER.
EACH PLAYER PLAYING TO HIS
STRENGTH.
TONY FINAU LEADING IN DRIVING
DISTANCE.
IAN: I THINK IT SHOWS HIS
STRENGTH THAT HE'S NOT
INFLUENCED BY THOSE TWO AND DO
HIS OWN THING.
PETER: ABSOLUTELY.
LET'S GO OVER TO 7.
JASON DAY.
JUST 112 LEFT, AND THAT'S A
BEAUTIFUL SHOT.
BACK OVER TO 3.
INTERESTING, TIGER, HE'S GOING
LAY BACK WITH THE IRON AS WELL.
IT ALMOST SEEMS LIKE NICK,
WE'RE BACK TO THE OLD TIGER.
IN HIS PRIME, EVERY TIME HE HIT
AN ERRANT SHOT, IT SEEMS LIKE
HE ENDED UP IN GOOD OF POSSIBLE
POSITION AS HE COULD AND
RECOVERED FROM IT.
AND WE'RE SEEING THAT A LOT
THIS WEEK.
NICK: I AGREE WITH THAT PLAY ON
NUMBER 3, BECAUSE THAT HOLE
LOCATION IS KIND OF A CROWN, SO
YOU NEED TO CONTROL THAT SECOND
SHOT AS MUCH AS YOU CAN.
IF YOU'RE 40 YARDS FROM THE
GREEN, YOU CAN MAKE A REAL MEAL
OF IT.
PETER: AS WE WATCH POULTER MAKE
AN EIGHT-FOOTER FOR HIS PAR.
LET'S GO OVER TO 5.
JIM: LOUIST OOSTHUIZEN.
NICK: THIS COULDN'T BE ANY MORE
DIFFICULT, UP A LEFT TO RIGHT
RIDGE, SLOW TURN BACK TO RIGHT.
EXTREMELY SLOW.
THEY CAN'T COMPLAIN ABOUT IT.
IT'S BEEN, WELL, AUGUSTA STANDS
AT SLOW ALL WEEK.
JIM: JUST A LITTLE PAST 10:00
LOCAL TIME.
[CAPTIONING FUNDED BY CBS
SPORTS DIVISION]
JOINT MASTERS TOURNAMENT
SUPERSEDING OUR NORMAL
SUBPOENAED MORNING PROGRAMMING
WITH AN EARLY START BECAUSE OF
THREATENING WEATHER ON THE WAY.
TEE TIMES BEGAN AT 7:30 THIS
MORNING.
WE CAME ON THE AIR AN HOUR AGO
AT 9:00.
THIS IS THE STORM THAT'S BEEN
THE CONCERN ALL WEEK LONG.
THEY WERE FORECAST FOR DOOM AND
GLOOM SUNDAY AFTERNOON
FORECAST, AND IT'S NEVER GONE
AWAY.
AND IT IS DEFINITELY
APPROACHING.
THEY'RE THINKING MAYBE IN THE
3:00 RANGE.
LET'S GO TO 4.
DOTTIE: MATT KUCHAR TRYING STAY
UNDER PAR FOR THE DAY.
THIS HOLE WAS ACTUALLY WHERE
HIS CHANCES CAME COMPLETELY
UNRAVELED IN 2014.
HE FOUR-PUTTED HERE FOR A
DOUBLE, ENDED UP FINISHING TIED
FOR FIFTH.
SEEMS LIKE HE IS ALWAYS AROUND
THE LEAD, THOUGH ON THE WEEKEND
HERE AT AUGUSTA NATIONAL.
PLAYED HERE AS AN AMATEUR AFTER
WINNING THE U.S. AMATEUR, HAD A
GREAT YEAR THAT YEAR.
SCOMBROIMP AT THE 5TH, DUSTIN
JOHNSON, SLOW START.
--
JIM: AND OVER AT THE 5TH JUSTIN
JOHNSON, SLOW START.
ONE OVER THROUGH FOUR, AND THAT
WILL BE A GOOD FIVE FEET COMING
BACK FOR HIS PAR.
HE RESIDES AT SEVEN UNDER.
LET'S GO TO THE TEE AT 4.
DOTTIE: BROOKS KOEPKA.
243 YARDS TO GET IT BACK ON THE
PLATEAU WHERE THE HOLE IS CUT
TODAY.
NICK, THAT WILL BE EXCITING.
NICK: NOT FOR HIM.
[LAUGHTER]
NICK: YEAH, GOOD SIX FEET OF
BREAK, BUT COULD RUN AWAY.
DOTTIE: TO 3.
PETER: ALL RIGHT, MOLINARI, THE
FIRST TO PLAY, 136 YARDS.
WIND STARTING TO PICK UP,
GUSTING OVER 20 BY AROUND NOON
TIME LOCAL.
NOT VERY MUCH DEPTH TO THE
GREEN IN N LINE WITH THE FLAG,
SO PRUDENT PLAY OUT TO THE
RIGHT JUST A LITTLE BIT.
MAYBE A LITTLE BIT OF A CUT
FLIGHT, MIGHT EVEN SOFTEN THE
LANDING MORE.
THAT WAS DEFINITELY A CUT
RELEASE.
THAT'S OK.
THAT'S FINE.
HE'S GOING TO BE PUTTING BACK
UP THE SLOPE.
IT WILL BREAK SEVERELY TO HIS
RIGHT.
LOUIS OOSTHUIZEN AT 5.
JIM: TRYING TO GET THE SECOND
PUTT TO DROP.
OVERREAD IT.
BACK TO 3.
PETER: TIGER SET TO PLAY.
IAN: DOWN WIND WEDGE.
HE'S HAD TROUBLE WITH THESE
THIS WEEK.
PETER: AND IT'S ONLY 125 YARDS,
SO THIS WILL BE EITHER A SAND
WEDGE OR GAP WEDGE.
IMPORTANT TO GET THE TRAJECTORY
RIGHT.
IF YOU DON'T GET IT HIGH
ENOUGH, THE WIND IT ACTUALLY
KNOCK IT DOWN.
TO SCOMMY IT CAN CARRY IT
OVER.
-- TOO HIGH AND IT CAN CARRY IT
BEAUTIFUL RHYTHM THERE.
ABSOLUTELY TERRIFIC.
THAT SAID, HE WILL HAVE TO HIT
THAT PUTT ABOUT SIX INCHES.
TRUST ME, IT WILL GET TO THE
HOLE.
VERY CALM LOOKING TIGER WOODS
THESE DAYS.
LET'S GO TO RICKIE FOWLER.
JIM: WHO HIT A WONDERFUL SHOT
IN HERE, HAS A CHANCE TO MAKE
BIRDIE.
IAN: OH, THAT'S THAT MOMENT
WHERE, YEAH, IT'S AN ABSOLUTE
MUST TO REWARD THAT SHOT.
JIM: BACK OVER TO 3.
PETER: A LITTLE BIT OF
DIFFICULT FOR TONY FINAU.
HIS BALL HAS COME TO REST RIGHT
AGAINST THE SECOND CUT.
SO CLEAN CONTACT IS GOING TO BE
PROBLEMATIC.
GOOD LOOK AT THE LIE.
THE SECOND CUT THIS YEAR, NICK,
APPEARS TO ME AT LEAST TO BE A
LOT LONGER.
IAN: OBVIOUSLY GROWN OVER THE
WEEK.
PETER: I TELL YOU WHAT, FROM
WHERE HE WAS, THATS NOT THAT BAD.
WHERE HE WAS, THEANTS THAT BAD.
-- THAT'S NOT THAT BAD.
ALL RIGHT, THE FINAL GROUP HAS
MADE ITS WAY TO THE THIRD
GREEN, AND FRANCESCO MOLINARI
STILL HAS HIS TWO-SHOT LEAD.
VERNE: BACK AT THE 3RD HOLE.
DELICATE CHIP FOR TONY FINAU.
JUST ON THE HIGH SIDE.
LET'S GO TO 7.
VERNE: AND PHIL, THE SECOND
CUT, LEFT SIDE.
HOLE LOCATION IS FRONT RIGHT,
AND THAT IS BRILLIANT.
BIRDIE OPPORTUNITY COMING UP
FOR PHIL, ALREADY TWO UNDER
TODAY FOR THE FINAL ROUND.
TO 3.
PETER: MOLINARI WILL BE NEXT TO
PLAY.
PUTTING BACK UP THE SLOPE,
MOVING TO HIS RIGHT.
AFTER 54 HOLES, ONLY JUSTIN
HARDING HAD FEWER PUTTS THAN
MOLINARI.
THAT'S UNBELIEVABLE.
IT'S SO SLOW GOING UP THE HILL,
NICK, AND SO FAST DOWN.
NICK: IN THE BACK, I WAS GOING
TO SAY, IN THE BACK OF YOUR
MIND, THREE DOWN THE HILL IS
THE FASTEST, AND THEN THE OTHER
WAY, HOW DO YOU TRICK YOUR MIND
TO GO FOR IT?
PETER: WELL, THREE PARS FOR OUR
LEADER, NICK, AND OBVIOUSLY I
THINK HE WANTED TO BE ONE,
POSSIBLY TWO UNDER PAR AFTER
THE FIRST THREE HOLES.
BUT EVEN PAR IS NOT BAD.
NICK: WELL, HE HAD A GOOD
CHANCE AT 2, BUT STEAD EDDIE
RIGHT NOW.
I MEAN, IF THINGS ARE GOING TO
GET -- WELL, THE TENSION IS
CERTAINLY GETTING TIGHT, WHEN
THE CONDITIONS GET MORE
DIFFICULT, WE SHALL SEE.
PETER: TO 4.
DOTTIE: ADVENTUROUS BIRDIE PUTT
OF BROOKS KOEPKA.
THIS IS WHERE THE BIGGEST BREAK
IS, AND THE SPEED.
FANTASTIC.
1 TO 10, WHAT DO YOU SAY, NICK?
8-ISH?
NICK: 8-ISH.
8.4.
DOTTIE: OK.
TIGER.
PETER: ALL RIGHT, LET'S PAY
ATTENTION TO THIS ONE.
THE DIFFICULTY HERE, IT IS SO
FAST THAT IT'S DIFFICULT TO GET
IT STARTED ON THE RIGHT LINE.
NICK: IT'S GOING TO HOOK, AND I
AGREE, BETTER HIT THAT SIX
INCHES RIGHT AND JUST TOUCH IT
AND HOPEFULLY IT TURNS AT THE
RIGHT CURVE.
NICK: OH, YES.
TIGER WOODS NOW ONE BACK.
NICK: PETER, I THINK HE'S GOING
PLAY THIS LIKE A MARATHON, JUST
SNEAK ALONG BEHIND HIM.
HE KNOWS THEY'RE ALL UNDER
PRESSURE.
I SAID IT AT THE BEGINNING OF
THE WEEK, EVERYBODY IS GOING TO
GET WOUND UP TRYING TO WIN THE
MASTERS, BUT HE'S BEEN THERE,
HE KNOWS IT, HE KNOWS THAT
FEELING.
I THINK HE'S GOT A GREAT
FEELING FROM THIS, JUST A
COUPLE OF WEEKS BACK WHEN HE
BEAT RORY MCILROY ON THAT
SATURDAY, I THINK HE PUT
HIMSELF IN SUNDAY AFTERNOON
MODE.
AND I THINK IT WAS A GOOD
LITTLE TESTER.
PETER: YEAH, THIS IS GOING TO
BE AN INTERESTING CHESS MATCH
TO SEE WHO BLINKS FIRST.
MOLINARI HAS BEEN IMPECCABLE
WITH HIS BALL STRIKING, AND
CONSISTENT, STICKING WITH HIS
GAME PLAN.
TIGER, WHO'S HIT SOME ERRANT
SHOTS, BUT GOT AWAY WITH THEM.
WILL HIS PRESENCE MAKE A
DIFFERENCE IN THE OTHER
PLAYERS' GAMES?
THAT'S WHAT'S GOING TO UNFOLD
OVER THE NEXT 15 HOLES.
THEY MAKE THEIR WAY TO THE 4TH
TEE.
DOTTIE, IT'S ALL YOURS.
DOTTIE: WELL, THIS WAS A
PAIRING OR GROUPING WHERE TIGER
AND MOLINARI WERE TOGETHER LAST
YEAR WHEN MOLINARI WON THE OPEN
CHAMPIONSHIP AT CARNOUSTIE.
THEY'VE FACED OFF IN THE RYDER
CUP AGAINST EACH OTHER.
THIS IS WHERE WEBB SIMPSON UP
AT THE GREEN.
BIRDIED EIGHT OF HIS LAST 10
HOLES YESTERDAY.
AND THAT IS A CLASSY TOUCH
THERE.
IT IS BY FAR HIS BEST ROUND AT
AUGUSTA NATIONAL.
THIS WAS A BIT EARLIER, IAN
POULTER.
A LITTLE BIT OF HELP FROM
BROOKS KOEPKA'S PUTT.
IAN: YEAH, BUT HE HAD TO RUN IT
THROUGH THE FRINGE.
HOW DID HE GUESS THAT?
DOTTIE: HOW GREAT THAT WAS
SPEED CONTROL?
IAN: THAT WENT 15, 18 FEET.
THAT WAS IMPRESSIVE.
DOTTIE: LIVE LOOK AT THE
REIGNING U.S. OPEN CHAMPION.
LAST GUY TO WIN THE OPEN AND
THEN WIN THE MASTERS, TIGER,
2001.
DOTTIE: NO NERVES.
CERTAINLY NOT MANY VOIDS IN THE
GAME.
AHEAD TO 7.
VERNE: AND PHIL FOR HIS FOURTH
BIRDIE IN FIVE HOLES.
VERNE: JUST SO DELICATE.
TO 4.
DOTTIE: WEBB.
IT WIGGLED IN.
ALWAYS A GOOD THREE.
STILL WAITING TO GET THAT ROUND
ON TRACK AFTER YESTERDAY'S BIG
FINISH.
TIGER WAITING FOR POULTER.
TO CLEAR.
AHEAD TO THE ALL-NEW PAR 4 5TH.
STRETCHED OUT SOME 40 YARDS.
NICK, WHEN THUD HOLE LOCATION
IN FRONT OF YOU, WHERE WAS YOUR
TARGET?
NICK: YEAH, YOU CAN TURN IT IN
THERE, BECAUSE YOU'VE GOT A
LITTLE BIT OF ROOM.
NUMBER ONE IS BUNKER.
YOU CAN'T FAN IT RIGHT.
I SHOULD THINK TIGER WILL GO
WITH A STRONG DRAW, BECAUSE
THEY WANT TO CARRY IT ABOUT 10
YARDS IN LINE WITH THE FLAG.
IF THEY GO LONG LEFT, THAT'S
IT, THAT'S A GOOD MISS.
BUT MOST IMPORTANTLY, FIND THAT
WIND DIRECTION.
DOTTIE: A LITTLE BIT MORE
COMPLICATED, BECAUSE IT IS AN
ELEVATED TEE, HE PLAYS DOWN 10
YARDS.
GOT TO TAKE A WALK UP TO THE
FRONT, GET PAST THE LINE OF
PATRONS, WHERE YOU CAN FEEL THE
WIND, LOOK UP A LITTLE HIGHER
EASILY.
HE SAYS IT'S ACROSS.
NICK: DEPENDING WHAT HE WANTS
TO DO, HE'S EITHER GOT THE WIND
TO FADE AGAINST OR IF HE NEEDS
THE EXTRA YARDAGE, TURN THE
DREW GET IT ALL THE WAY UP
THERE.
DOTTIE: MICKELSON TAPPED IN.
TIGER'S PLAYED THIS HOLE IN ONE
UNDER FOR THE WEEK.
THAT WAS A DRAW SWING.
DOES IT STAY ON THE FALSE
FRONT?
NO.
NICK: HIT THE SHOT, BUT WITH
THE WRONG STICK.
DOTTIE: CORRECT.
ALWAYS GUESSING AT THE WIND UP
THERE, AND IT WAS THE WRONG
GUESS.
TO 5.
JIM: AND THAT DRIVER OUT AGAIN.
JIM: MAY HAVE HIT SOMEONE,
HELPED HIS CAUSE.
LET'S GO BACK TO 4.
DOTTIE: MOLINARI ON THE TEE.
HE'S MADE PARS ALL THREE DAYS.
TERRIFIC UP AND IN YESTERDAY
FROM HOLE HIGH ON THE RIGHT
BUNKER.
REALLY GOOD BALANCE THERE, NOT
TRY TO OVERHIT IT AT ALL.
CLASSY GOLF SHOT.
TO 5.
JIM: XANDER SCHAUFFELE.
NICK: NEEDED MORE LOCAL
KNOWLEDGE ON THAT ONE.
THE GREENS HAVE BEEN REBUILT, 5
AND 18.
JIM: BACK TO 4.
DOTTIE: TONY FINAU.
SEE THE BREEZE STARTING TO PICK
UP.
THAT'S JUST FINE.
MORE ROOM TO MISS OVER THERE.
FRANCESCO MOLINARI, THE
REIGNING OPEN CHAMPION, HANGING
ON TO HIS THIN ONE-SHOT LEAD.
JIM: THE FINAL ROUND OF THE
MASTERS, STILL HIGH DRAMA EARLY
IN THE DAY, AS MOLINARI LEADS
BY ONE OVER WOODS, TWO BETTER
THAN KOEPKA AND FINAU, AND FOUR
AHEAD OF SCHAUFFELE AND
SIMPSON.
JIM: FOR REAL-TIME SCORING,
LIVE VIDEO NEWS AND MORE, VISIT
MASTERS.COM.
IN ADDITION TO EVERYTHING ELSE,
THERE'S A NEW TRACK
ENHANCEMENT.
WITHIN MIVENTS EVERY SHOT, FANS
WILL BE ABLE TO FOLLOW THEIR
FAVORITE PLAYERS FROM THEIR
DRIVE OFF THE FIRST TEE TO THE
FINAL PUTT ON THE 18TH GREEN.
FIRST TEE IS IN EFFECT ALL DAY
WITH THE SPLIT TEES.
LET'S GO BACK OUT TO THE 5TH.
SCHAUFFELE FOR PAR.
PETER: BEEN PRETTY GOOD AT THIS
DISTANCE.
OH, MY GOODNESS, JUST A SMIDGEN
FIRM.
JIM: LET'S GO BACK TO THE 4TH.
DOTTIE: TIGER RIGHT THERE ON
THAT FALSE FRONT.
HAVE A SHOT OF NEARLY 100 FEET.
HOLE SET BACK 29.
NICK: DIRECTION IS NO BIG
DISTANCE, JUST CONTROL.
PROBABLY RUN NOT MUCH MORE THAN
THREE FEET OF BREAK.
DOTTIE: TAKE A DELOUB TAKE THAT
FALSE FRONT OUT OF PLAY, AND
THEN GET THE BALL AND CHASE IT.
NICK: YEAH, LAND IT ON THE
SECOND LITTLE PLATTER, NICE AND
FLAT.
DOTTIE: ALMOST LIKE A PUTT BACK
AT 3, BUT THIS ONE UPHILL, NOT
NEARLY AS FAST AS HE HAD IT
THERE.
BROOKS KOEPKA, GET RELIEF WITH
ALL OF THE RAIN THAT HAS
FALLEN, THEY'VE DONE AN
INCREDIBLE JOB OF GETTING THE
SURROUNDS PREPARED TO PLAY.
THAT WAS THE MASTEST COMMITTEE
AND RULES COMMITTEE ON THE
EUROPEAN TOUR.
NOW TONY FINAU.
IAN: JUST PLAYED A NICE CHIP IN
THE LAST.
MAYBE HE'S WARMED UP.
DOTTIE: FIRM LEFT WRIST.
NOT A WHOLE LOT CAN GO WRONG
WITH THAT SORT OF TECHNIQUE.
HE SEEMS VERY UNHURRIED AND
COMFORTABLE.
IAN: WELL, A LOT OF CLUB FOR
POULTER INTO THE 5TH.
THE WRONG MISS.
JIM: LOOK AT THAT PUTT.
NICK: UP AND OVER.
RIGHT TO LEFT, LEFT TO RIGHT,
JUDGE THE DISTANCE.
JIM: BACK OVER TO 4.
DOTTIE: LOOKING AT A GUY WHO IS
16-16 WHEN HE'S MISSED THE
GREENS FOR THE WEEK.
IAN: ONLY AN INCH.
THAT'S HARSH, DOTTIE.
I'D TAKE THAT ONE ANY DAY.
DOTTIE: JUST GOING BY WHAT
THOSE STAT PEOPLE SAY.
IAN: THE RULE BOOK.
DOTTIE: THE IMPORTANT PART
ABOUT THIS GROUND SO FAR, IT'S
BEEN PRETTY STRESS-LESS FOR
MOLINARI.
VERY CALCULATED.
JIM: THAT IS IF YOU DON'T COUNT
TIGER BREATHING DOWN YOUR NECK
AS STRESS.
KOEPKA.
IAN: BE VERY CAREFUL WITH THIS
ONE.
JIM: IT'S LEANING.
IT'S GOING LEFT.
IAN: SUPERB, CARRIED ACROSS THE
RIDGE, STOPPED IN TWO PACES.
JIM: DOESN'T HAVE ONE OF THOSE
CRAZY BREAKING PUTTS.
HE'LL BE HAPPY WITH THAT.
BACK TO 4.
DOTTIE: TIGER FOR PAR.
GOT THIS PRETTY WELL UNDER THE
HOLE, I THINK MAYBE LEFT EDGE
AT THE MOST WITH SOME PACE.
NICK: YEAH, DEFINITELY NEEDS
FIRM.
JUST STAND UP AND GOOD CRUNCH
TO THIS PUTT.
DON'T IMPORTANCE OF THIS PUTT,
THOUGH, IS THAT IT CONTINUES
THE MOMENTUM HE HAD BY MAKING
BIRDIE AT 3.
NICK: THE CHIP TURNED LEFT AND
THE PUTT DIDN'T.
DOTTIE: THOSE ARE THE SHOTS AS
PLAYERS YOU JUST KICK YOURSELF,
BECAUSE IT SEEMS -- IT'S JUST
WASTED.
MOST OF THE TIME YOU WOULD GET
THAT BALL UP AND IN.
MISTAKES SEEM TO BE MAGNIFIED
AS YOU GET CLOSER AND CLOSER TO
THE END OF SUNDAY.
NOW FINAU FOR THREE.
NICK: TOUGH STRETCH, ISN'T IT,
DOTTIE?
4, 5 -- WELL, 7 SALTS EASIER,
BUT 4, 5, 6 ARE PRETTY
DEMANDING.
DOTTIE: THIS IS FIRST NINE'S
AMEN CORNER.
OVER THE YEARS, IT'S ACTUALLY
PLAYED HARDER THAN WHAT WE KNOW
IS AMEN CORNER ON THE SECOND
NINE.
TO 8.
PETER: THIS IS JASON DAY,
CHIPPED IT JUST SHORT OF THE
GREEN IN TWO.
AND THE JASON DAY MOVES TO
EIGHT UNDER PAR.
IN A TIE FOR SIXTH WITH SEVEN
OTHERS.
THAT DOUBLE AT 15 YESTERDAY
DERAILED JASON'S CHANCES.
PETER: PETER CANTLAY CONTINUING
HIS FINE PLAY FROM YESTERDAY.
THAT'S A BIRDIE.
COMING IN OFF THE 64, ONE OF
THREE, A REMARKABLE DAY OF
SCORING.
IAN: THEY WENT BACK TO GOOD 40
YARDS, BUT EVEN MORE
IMPORTANTLY, THEY BROUGHT THE
TWO BUNKERS THERE, BROUGHT THEM
TOWARDS THE 40 YARDS.
SO IT LOOKS THE SAME, PLAYS THE
SAME.
IT'S ABOUT 285 TO REACH.
YOU CANNOT GO LEFT, YOU CANNOT
SEE ANYTHING FROM DOWN THERE.
THAT'S YOUR LANDING AREA.
THAT'S THE PERFECT SPOT.
KOEPKA WAS IN THAT RIGHT HAND
ROUGH.
AND THEN WE TURN SLIGHTLY,
REBUILT THE GREEN, COMPLETELY
SOFTENED THE SLOPES IN THE
FRONT AREA, THE FAMOUS KIND OF
S BEND.
LIKE A NOSE IN THE GREEN.
YOU SEE THE MIDDLE OF THE GREEN
HAS BEEN COMPLETELY SOFTENED TO
CREATE THE HOLE LOCATION FROM
YESTERDAY.
AND YOU JUST SAW IAN POULTER'S
PUTT FINISH.
YOU'VE GOT TO FINISH LEFT OF
THAT FLAG.
JIM: ALL PARS FOR MOLINARI.
OH, WAY RIGHT.
NICK: OH, OH, OH.
THE FERRARI BLEW A SILL I
UNDERSTANDER DID.
JIM: JUST LOOK AT THE TREES IN
THE BACKGROUND, REALLY PICKING
UP.
UP ON THE GREEN, KOEPKA FOR
BIRDIE.
NICK: THAT WAS AN IMPRESSIVE
SECOND SHOT, AND THAT WAS HIS
ONLY OPTION, JUST NAILED IT TO
THE SPOT, AND HE'S STRUGGLING
WITH THE PACE.
IT'S GRAY, IT'S HUMID, IT'S BY
GUST STANDARDS, SLOW.
JIM: BACK TO THE TEE NOW,
FINAU.
ALSO FAVORING THE RIGHT SIDE.
JIM: NOW TIGER IS GOING STEP UP
THEY'RE A TEE THAT HAS REALLY
GIVEN HIM TROUBLE.
HE'S HIT IT IN THE BUNKER, THE
FRONT BUNKER ON THE LEFT-HAND
SIDE, THE FIRST THREE DAYS.
HE'S MADE BIRDIE EVERY TIME
HE'S HAD SIX BOGEYS.
JUST HAD HIS SIXTH, BUT THREE
OF THEM HAVE COME RIGHT HERE.
IAN: THAT'S WHY HE'S GONE FOR
THREE, BECAUSE IN THEORY, IF HE
PULLS, IT IT PROBABLY WOULDN'T
REACH THE BUNKER.
SO THAT GIVES HIM A MUCH WIDER
AREA.
PETER: NICK, MOVING THE BUNKER
BACK MAKES IT IMPOSSIBLE TO GET
ON THE GREEN IF YOU'RE IN IT.
NICK: YEAH, THEY'RE EIGHT FEET
DEEP.
THERE WE GO.
THROUGH IN A -- THREW IN A BIT
OF STRATEGY.
JIM: PROBABLY SAYING WHY DIDN'T
DIE THAT THE FIRST THREE
ROUNDS?
NICK: ABSOLUTELY.
JIM: ON THE GREEN.
SIMPSON.
NICK: PUTTED FANTASTIC
YESTERDAY WITH HIS 64.
HE'S ADAPTING TO THE PACE.
JIM: OH, GOOD.
TPWHIPE A TRY.
--
NICK: WHAT A TRY.
JIM: AUTOPSY HEAD TO THE 8TH.
IAN: JUST AN IRON FOR JON RAHM
HERE.
BALL LOCATION HOLD, BACK
CENTER.
LESS THAN EIGHT FEET FOR EAGLE.
THE BIG-HITTING RAHM, EVEN PAR
THROUGH 7.
JIM: TO 6.
PETER MATT KUCHAR.
VERNE: PLAYABLE OFF THE TEE.
AND A CHALLENGE FOR PAR.
NICK: YEAH, THIS IS THE ONE
THAT'S UP, TURN LEFT, STRADDLE
THE RIDGE, RELEASE.
HIS TOUCH HAS BEEN -- WELL ON
THE 4TH AND 5TH, TWO
MAGNIFICENT DEMONSTRATIONS OF
TOUCH.
JIM: BACK TO 6.
VERNE: A BLEMISH FOR KUCHAR.
JIM: KOEPKA WITH HIS PAR AT 5.
ONE UNDER FOR THE ROUND.
THREE-WAY TIE FOR SECOND.
KOEPKA WITH FINAU AND WOODS.
MOLINARI ON TOP BY TWO, JUST AS
HE STARTED.
JIM: WE'RE BACK AT THE 5TH HOLE
WITH THE FINAL GROUP.
MOLINARI AND FINAU BOTH DRIVING
IT RIGHT.
AND MOLINARI IS WAY BACK.
AND HE HIS CADDIE HAVE BEEN
TOGETHER THE LAST FOUR YEARS.
>> HOLD, PLEASE, GUYS, VERY
STILL, PLEASE.
NICK: GRABBED WHAT MOST PLAYERS
USE.
JIM: HE'S HAD HIS OWN DECORATED
CAREER, U.S. AMATEUR CHAMPION,
GOING UP TO RENO.
AND THEY'RE PLAY HOST TO THE
RYDER CUP IN 2022 IN ROME.
NICK: SAME SWING.
I THINK HE JUST NECKED IT, A
LITTLE GRIMACE, BUT THAT'S A
GOOD SAFE LEAD, STILL OBVIOUSLY
DIFFICULT.
JIM: NOT AN EASY ONE AT ALL,
NICK.
AS WE GO TO THE 6TH.
VERNE: AND BROOKS KOEPKA.
8-IRON.
NICK: EIGHT YARDS WIDE.
OH, NO, LEFT IT DOWN SLOPE.
I CAN PROMISE YOU, THAT IS
BRUTALLY DIFFICULT FROM THERE.
VERNE: YES.
JIM: WE JUST SAW KUCHAR MAKE
FOUR FROM THAT SPOT.
SO BACK TO TIGER IN HIS SECOND.
AGAIN, WELL BACK,
UNDERSTANDABLY.
ON THE WRONG SIDE OF THE FLAG.
POULTER, THERE YOU GO.
WE KNOW IT'S DOABLE.
JIM: TIGER TRYING TO BREAK THE
GARY PLAYER RECORD, HE WENT
FROM 1961 TO 1974, 13 YEARS,
AND THEN WON AGAIN IN 1978.
TIGER, IF HE WON TODAY, WOULD
BE 14 YEARS.
TO 7.
VERNE: AND RICKIE FOWLER, TOP
RIGHT BUNKER, LEAVES IT IN
THERE.
JIM: FINAU.
WANTS IT UP.
NICK: SO DIFFICULT.
AS YOU KNOW, YOU GET GET A
FLYER AND GO LONG OVER THE
GREEN.
THAT'S THEIR DEFENSIVE PLAY.
JIM: BE INTERESTED TO SEE HOW
MANY OF THE THREE GET DOWN IN
TWO FOR PAR.
THE FINAL ROUND, AND MOLINARI
IS OUR LEADER.
JIM: PLEASE VISIT
DRIVECHIPANDPUTT.COM FOR MORE
INFORMATION OR TO REGISTER.
OVER TO THE 8TH.
NICK: TWO BIRDIES, TWO BOGEYS
SO FAR TODAY FOR JON RAHM.
THIS FOR EAGLE.
AND THE THE 24-YEAR-OLD, GREW
UP IN THE COUNTRY UP IN
NORTHERN SPAIN.
AND THEN HE'S THE FINEST YOUNG
PLAYER OUT THERE TODAY.
BACK OVER TO 5.
JIM: LOOKS LIKE IT WILL BE
MOLINARI AWAY.
AND HE'LL BE ABLE TO HELP FINAU
.
ON THAT SAME LINE.
AS YOU'LL SEE THE 65 NAMES BY
GO, THE LARGEST NUMBER OF
PLAYERS TO EVER QUALIFY FOR THE
WEEKEND IN THE HISTORY OF THE
TOURNAMENT.
THE LAST 10 ROUNDS IN MAJORS,
INCLUDING TODAY, HE'S HAD FIVE
BOGEY-FREE ROUNDS, NICK.
NICK: WOW.
JIM: THAT'S AMAZING.
JUST ONE HERE FOR THE WEEK.
NICK: ONLY 11TH, I BELIEVE, ON
DAY ONE.
WENT THE WEEKEND TO WIN THE
OPEN BOGEY-FREE.
WELL, THIS IS INTERESTING.
ELECTING TO CARRY IT ALL THE
WAY.
NICE LITTLE UPSLOPE.
JIM: GOING UP TOP WITH IT.
NICK: GREAT VIEW THERE.
YOU CAN SEE THAT THE MOUND.
BUT THEY'VE BEEN SOFTENED
CONSIDERABLY.
JIM: DECIDED NOT TO RIDE THE
RIDGE.
GO TO 6.
VERNE: AND KOEPKA.
NICK: THIS IS GOING TO BE HIS
MOMENT IN THE ROUND IF HE CAN
KEEP THIS UP AND DOWN.
VERNE: WELL, HE'S STILL GOT TO
CHALLENGE.
BACK TO 5.
JIM: WELL, IT DIDN'T HELP FINAU
LIKE TOWN WAS HOPING.
HE WAS HOPING HE'D GO LOW WITH
IT.
NICK: DEFINITELY BUMP IT TO THE
RIGHT, AND THEN IT WILL COME
BACK TO THE LEFT.
JIM: THAT'S SCARY LOOKING RIGHT
THERE.
NICK: YEAH, THERE WE GO.
SO YOU WANT TO GO -- YOU'LL
PROBABLY END UP GOING MORE TO
THE LEFT FOR SAFETY.
SEE HOW IT'S GOING --
JIM: WATCH OUT, GOING ALL THE
WAY OVER.
NICK: HE'S LOST IT.
THERE IT IS.
THAT MAY BE THE SMARTEST SHOT.
HE DIDN'T WANT TO CHIP IT.
JIM: IT'S HIS STRATEGY.
OF COURSE, HE NEEDS TO MAKE THE
PAYOFF PUTT, BUT THAT'S WHAT
COULD HAVE HAPPENED WITH HIS.
LET'S GO BACK TO 6.
VERNE: AND WEBB SIMPSON WAY OUT
OF THE AREA.
SO HE'LL HAVE -- WE'VE SEEN
SOME LENGTH ON THESE PUTTS,
NICK.
NICK: YEAH, WELL, GOT A LITTLE
BIT MORE DIFFICULT TO GET
CLOSE.
THE COMFORT LEVEL IS
DIMINISHING AS THE ROUND GOES
ALONG.
JIM: AND BACK HERE WITH TIGER.
AS YOU SAID, POULTER JUST MADE
THIS ONE LOOK LIKE IT WASN'T
COMPLICATED OR STRESSFUL.
NICK: VERY SIMILAR VERSION.
IT WILL CLIMB TRITE LEFT, ALONG
THE RIDGE, AND THEN FEED BACK
TO THE RIGHT.
HE'S LOOKING WAY RIGHT TO BEGIN
IT.
JIM: BEEN THE MOST DIFFICULT
HOLE OF THE WEEK.
ASKING FOR IT TO SLOW DOWN.
THERE SHE GOES.
LET'S GO TO 6.
VERNE: IAN POULTER.
VERNE: THERE YOU ARE.
OFFSETS THE BOGEY ON 2, BUT THE
BIRDIE ON 6.
AND WE'LL GO BACK TO THE 5TH.
AND ALL OF THEM ARE GOING TO
HAVE TO DO SOMETHING SPECIAL
HERE TO GET OUT.
JIM: ESPECIALLY FINAU.
NICK: IT'S MOMENTS LIKE YOU
DON'T WANT TO COMPOUND THINGS
AND GET CRAZY.
ACTUALLY WOULD BE QUITE HAPPY
FOR A TWO-PUTT FROM THERE.
JIM: GET YOUR SPEED RIGHT.
BACK TO 6.
VERNE: KOEPKA TO SAVE HIS
THREE.
NICK: IT'S A BIG MOMENT.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
AH.
ON THE 5TH GREEN.
ENTERTAINING, VERNE.
FOR EVERYBODY.
VERNE: AS EXPECTED.
I THINK.
JIM: COULD BRING A LOT OF FOLKS
BACK INTO IT, NICK, IF MOLINARI
FAILS TO MAKE IT AND TIGER.
NOW, TIGER TRYING TO MAKE PAR
ON THIS HOLE FOR THE FIRST TIME
ALL WEEK.
WHEN ELSE THE LAST TIME YOU CAN
RECALL, IF EVER, THAT HE
BOGEYED A HOLE?
NICK: I CAN'T.
YOU CAN STILL WIN BY BOGEYS ONE
HOLE ALL FOUR DAYS IN A WEEK.
JIM: THIS FOR PAR.
JIM: GOT HIM AGAIN.
FOUR OVER FOR THE WEEK AT THE
5TH HOLE.
MOLINARI HAS A CHANCE TO GET A
CONFIDENCE BOOST.
BACK-TO-BACK FOR TIGER.
HE WAS ONE OVER YESTERDAY
THROUGH FIVE, AND THEN HE
PLAYED SIX UNDER THE REST OF
THE WAY IN.
LET'S GO TO 6.
PETER: SIMPSON.
PETER: JUST BOGEYS EVERYWHERE,
NICK.
NICK: YEAH, AMAZING.
WE'VE BEEN DESCRIBING 4, 5, AND
6 ARE HIDDEN DIFFICULTY.
WE COULD CALL IT THE PERFECT
10, THIS RUN, THE THREE-PAR 3,
FOR 4, 10 STROKES, THAT'S ALL
YOU'RE LOOKING FOR.
JIM: MY GOODNESS.
NICK: DOES THAT TELL US?
ALL THAT DRAMA GOING, HE PLAYS
A FANTASTIC 3RD.
WELL, 2ND AND 3RD AND 4TH.
JUST A GOOD OLD PAR 4.
BOY, THAT WAS BRILLIANT.
JIM: FINAU IS GOING TO MAKE, IF
HE MAKES THIS BOGEY, A
THREE-SHOT LEAD FOR FRANCESCO
WHEN HE STEPS UP ON 6TH TEE.
NICK: HE DIDN'T THINK HE WAS
GOING GAIN A SHOT ON BOTH THESE
TWO PLAYERS.
JIM: AND KOEPKA AUTOPSY HEAD
WOULD MAKE A BOGEY AT 6.
IN FOR FIVE FOR FINAU.
NICK: SUDDENLY YOU'VE GOT THE
COMFORT ZONE, THAT CUSHION, CAN
YOU HANG ONTO IT OR CAN YOU
BUILD ON IT?
JIM: OF COURSE, THIS IS VERY
SIMILAR TO FRANCESCO'S START
YESTERDAY, NICK.
HE DIDN'T MAKE A BIRDIE UNTIL
THE 6TH HOLE YESTERDAY.
HE OPENED WITH FIVE PARS, AS HE
HAS TODAY.
LET'S GO TO THE 8TH.
PETER: JUST A SHORT PITCH FOR
THORBJORN OLESEN.
JUST A MOMENT AGO THERE FOR
THUNDER BEAR.
THAT MAY HAVE BEEN QUITE A LONG
WAY BY AT THE FLAG.
A LITTLE WRY GRIN ON HIS FACE,
HE'LL TAKE IT.
TAKE THE GOOD WITH THE BAD.
PATRICK CANTLAY HAS BEEN
PHENOMENAL.
THE LAST 27 HOLES, 64 YESTERDAY
.
THIS FOR ANOTHER BIRDIE TODAY
TO GET TO FOUR UNDER ON HIS
ROUND AND 10 UNDER IN A TIE FOR
SECOND.
ZPHOIP AS WE TALKED ABOUT, A
COUPLE OF HOLES AHEAD OF THEM.
PETER: YES, NICK, MAKES A BIG
DIFFERENCE, DOESN'T IT?
NICK: WELL, THEY'RE IN THE
CALM.
THE CALM OF THE STORM.
KEVIN: AND IAN, OF ALL THE LOW
SCORES, HE'S THE ONLY ONE
PLAYING THE FIRST NIFPBLETE ALL
THE OTHER LOW SCORES ARE
GOLFERS ON THE SECOND NINE.
IAN: WE'RE USED TO THAT, AREN'T
WE, WITH LOW NUMBERS ON THE
SECOND NINE.
WE'LL SEE MORE FIRE LATER ON,
VERNE, AS WE HEAD TO 6.
VERNE: I WOULD EXPECT SO, IAN.
AND HERE'S 6, THIS LOVELY BUT
CHALLENGING PAR 3.
ON THE CARD TODAY, THE 191
YARDS.
NICK: THAT MEANS THEY'VE GOT
ABOUT 185 TO GET OVER THAT
RIDGE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE
GREEN.
THE BACK PLATEAU IS ONLY EIGHT
YARDS WIDE.
VERNE: THAT IS A TINY LANDING
SPACE.
VERNE: YEAH, RIGHT EDGE OF THE
GREEN IS PERFECT, JUST SEND IT
DOWN THAT EDGE.
VERNE: THIS IS A SPLENDID SIGHT
WITH THE PATRONS EN SIR HE
WILLING THE ENTIRE HOLE AND
BISECRETARYING PART OF IT.
WELL, WELL.
HAVE WE SEEN THAT BEFORE?
NICK: JUST SIMPLY GOT THE WIND
DIRECTION ON THAT ONE.
I THOUGHT IT WAS GOING TO BE
RIGHT TO LEFT, AND SUDDENLY IT
WAS DOWN.
PATRONS ARE JAMMED IN THERE.
JIM: TONY FINAU HAS CHOSEN AN
8-IRON.
VERNE: WELL, HE'S OVER IN WEBB
SIMPSON TERRITORY.
TIGER NEXT.
AND TIGER REALLY IGNITED HIS
ROUND WITH A BIRDIE HERE
YESTERDAY.
VERNE: 8-IRON.
JIM: WILL IT STAY UP?
THE ANSWER IS A POSITIVE.
VERNE: WE CONTINUE WITH MORNING
AT AUGUSTA.
MOLINARI IN TROUBLE HERE AT THE
6TH.
TIGER WOODS IS NOT.
JIM: LOOKING AT THE 6TH, WHERE
THERE COULD BE A SWING HERE.
OUR LEADER, FRANCESCO MOLINARI,
AIR MAILS THE GREEN, AND IT IS,
AS WE'VE SEEN ALREADY BY A
COUPLE OF PLAYERS, INCLUDING
KOEPKA AND KUCHAR, FROM THAT
SPOT, BEYOND THE PUTTING
SURFACE, IT IS A DIFFICULT DOWN
IN TWO.
MEANWHILE, TIGER WITH A CLOSE
RANGE LOOK AT BIRDIE.
VERNE, BACK OUT TO YOU AT 6.
VERNE: ALL RIGHT, JIM.
FRANCESCO GETTING AN
EXPLANATION.
GREG WINTERS, MASTERS RULES.
NICK, WHAT DO WE GOT?
NICK: TAKING HIS RELIEF, AND I
SHOULD THINK IF HE GETS AN
OPPORTUNITY, KOEPKA LEFT AS FAR
AS PERMITTED DROP IT AT THE
GRIP END, OR MAYBE HE CAN
EXAMINE THE BANK OF THE ANGLE
THERE.
I THINK IT'S SAFE HE'S GOT TO
REPLY A YARD, IT'S SO LEFT OF
THE FLAG.
USE A NEW KNEE-HIGH DROP AND
HIT, IF YOU DON'T MIND.
VERNE: VERY POLITELY ASKED THE
PATRONS TO MOVE BACK.
NICK: YEAH, HE EXAMINED THAT
SLOPE, THAT FRINGE THERE ON THE
BACK TO GET THE PERFECT ANGLE.
JIM: GO 7.
VERNE: IAN POULTER, AFTER A
FINE DRIVE, 140 REMAINING.
SENSIBLE HOLE LOCATION.
PETER: HE'LL COME BACK, AND
THAT IS IN TIGHT FOR IAN
POULTER.
A CHANCE TO GET IT TO 10 UNDER.
LET'S GO BACK TO 6.
>> FINE, THANK YOU.
VERNE: THREE-SHOT LEAD.
CURRENTLY.
OVER WOODS, KOEPKA, AND TONY
FINAU.
NICK: HE GOT EIGHT FEET PAST,
WHICH IS A FINE SHOT.
TO GET IT INSIDE EIGHT FEET, IT
NEEDS PERFECT JUDGMENT ON
SKIPPING IT UP THAT BANK.
GOOD OLD SCHOOL.
HE'LL LAND THAT FOUR-YARD SHOT.
HE'S PROBABLY GOING TO TRY TO
GET THREE BOUNCES BEFORE IT
GOES ON THE GREEN TO REALLY
KILL IT.
VERNE: ONE, TWO, THREE.
WELL, ALL RIGHT, PROFESSOR.
NICK: WELL, THE DISTANCE, 9.7
FROM THE BRITISH JUDGE.
[LAUGHTER]
I'LL TAKE THAT ONE.
I MEAN, HE'S GOT A GOOD
OPPORTUNITY, SIX-FOOTER FOR
PAR.
VERNE: TO THE 7TH.
PETER: KOEPKA FROM THE SECOND
CUT LEFT.
IT'S GOING TO COME BACK DOWN
AND GET BETTER AND BETTER.
NICK: JUST NEEDS IT TO GO ONE
MORE.
PETER: 12 FEET FOR BIRDIE
COMING UP FOR KOEPKA ON 6.
>> AND TONY FINAU, THAT WAS A
WONDERFUL LAG PUTT.
LIKABLE 29-YEAR-OLD FROM SALT
LAKE CITY, UTAH.
OF TONGAN AND AMERICAN-SAMOAN
DESCENT.
SAID HE FIRST MET TIGER AT ONE
OF TIGER'S RESTAURANTS IN
JUPITER.
AS A VERY YOUNG GOLFER.
NICK: LOTS OF CONCENTRATION
GOING RIGHT NOW, THIS START OF
THE ROUND.
THESE GUYS ARE SETTING UP
THEMSELVES INTERNALLY.
THERE'S A LOT GOING ON, GOT TO
SETTLE DOWN, GET YOUR RIMENT.
MOLINARI'S SHOT WAS RIGHT DOWN
THE FLAG, EVEN THOUGH IT WENT
LONG.
IT WASN'T A POOR SHOT, JUST
POORLY JUDGED.
BUT TIGER GOT A WONDERFUL KICK
OFF THE BANK, AND THIS IS A
HUGE MOMENT FOR TIGER.
HE KNOWS IF HE CAN MAKE THIS,
HE CAN SERIOUSLY PUT THE
PRESSURE ON MOLINARI.
VINCE: AND HE DID NOT.
VERNE: THAT IS AN OPPORTUNITY
GONE.
TO SEVEN.
BILL: KOEPKA, A CHANCE TO GET
IT BACK TO 11 UNDER, WITHIN
TWO.
NICK: JUST MISSED THAT
GUARANTEED LANDING SPOT THERE
AT 7.
TO 8.
IAN: WE HAVE SEEN THIS PUTT A
FEW TIMES.
WE ALL THINK THE SAME THING.
ONE OF THE BEST STROKES ON
TOUR.
JUST IDEAL.
GREAT PACE, ALWAYS AGGRESSIVE.
BACK AT 6.
VERNE: NICK, WHAT DO YOU SEE
HERE?
NICK: IT IS ACTUALLY PRETTY
STRAIGHT, PRETTY FLAT, RIGHT
EDGE.
MAYBE A TOUCH MORE.
STILL REASONABLY QUICK ON THE
TOP SIDE OF THIS 6TH GREEN.
THIS IS HUGE TO GET OUT OF JAIL
AGAIN, WHICH HE DOES.
THAT IS UNBELIEVABLE.
THERE COULD HAVE BEEN A
TWO-SHOT SWING THERE, BUT
MOLINARI WITH SIX STRAIGHT
PARS.
HE ACTUALLY SENDS A VERY STRONG
MESSAGE ABOUT HIS NERVES.
AND HIS COMPOSURE.
VERNE: AND HERE IS FINAU.
MOLINARI UP AND DOWN AT THE
6TH.
EXCEPTIONAL.
HE STILL HAS A THREE-SHOT LEAD
AS WE GO TO 7.
BILL: BIRDIE FOR POULTER AFTER
THAT WONDERFUL APPROACH, AND
IAN POULTER IS AT 10 UNDER.
PLAYING IN HIS 14TH MASTERS.
THE ONLY PLAYER UNDER PAR IN
THE LAST FOUR GROUPINGS.
FRAN: DUSTIN JOHNSON.
ALSO A GOOD AGGRESSIVE PUTT FOR
HIS BIRDIE.
SO HE IS EIGHT UNDER PAR.
FOUR AT 10 UNDER, ONE AT NINE,
AND SEVEN AT EIGHT.
JIM: MOLINARI'S PAR SAVES
STARTED RIGHT AT THE VERY 1ST,
NICK.
LOOK AT THE PACE OF THAT.
RIGHT IN THE CENTER, TOO.
THEN AT THE 5TH.
NICK: THESE TWO, 5 AND 6,
REQUIRE A PERFECT STRIKE,
PERFECT NERVE.
JIM: THAT IS THREE OF THEM,
THREE PAR SAVES.
THAT DEFINITELY WOULD TEST THE
WEAK-HEARTED.
HE IS ON THE TEE AT THE
SEVENTH.
BILL: CO-LEADER AFTER 36 HOLES,
THE LEAD ALONE AFTER 54.
THE LEAD IS THREE CURRENTLY.
THAT IS MAKING ITS WAY TO THE
TREES ON THE LEFT.
NICK: WOW.
I WONDER IF THAT IS A REACTION
TO THE SLICE HE HIT ON THE 5TH.
THAT IS THE NEXT HOLE UP WITH A
DRIVER.
BILL: THAT MAY BE IN THE SECOND
CUT, TO 9.
JIM: HERE IS CANTLAY, WHO IS
ONE SHOT OUT OF SECOND.
THIS VEERS DRAMATICALLY LEFT,
BUT HE SHOULD GET OUT OF HERE
WITH HIS PAR.
THAT WOULD BE 33.
BACK TO 7.
BILL: FINAU.
HE IS GOING TO LOVE THAT.
LEFT SIDE TO THE FORWARD RIGHT
HOLE LOCATION.
NOW TIGER.
HE HAS PLAYED THIS HOLE IN ONE
UNDER THIS WEEK.
YOU NOW STEPS BACK.
YOU CAN SEE IN THE TREES THE
WIND PICKING UP.
NICK YES.
IT IS QUITE STRONG
RIGHT-TO-LEFT RIGHT NOW.
BILL: THIS IS WHAT WE EXPECTED,
GUSTING BREEZES COMING IN LATE
MORNING.
TIGER WILL RESET.
NICK: I THINK HE WILL STILL GO
WITH THAT FADE TO HIT IT
AGAINST THE BREEZE.
BILL: THAT IS PERFECT AS WELL.
VERNE: TIGER IN THE FAIRWAY AT
THE 7TH, BUT FRANCESCO MOLINARI
HAS HANDLED THE EARLY STRESSFUL
MOMENTS, AND HE LEADS BY THREE.
JIM: A RESET HERE JUST PAST THE
TOP OF THE HOUR, THE AUGUSTA
NATIONAL GOLF CLUB AND THE 83RD
MASTERS WITH AN EARLY START ON
SUNDAY, TRYING TO GET AHEAD OF
A THICK BAND OF STORMS THAT ARE
HITTING THE SOUTHEAST PART OF
THE COUNTRY.
THIS WEEK WE REMEMBER THE
LEGENDARY SPORTSWRITER DAN
JENKINS OF "SPORTS ILLUSTRATED"
AND GOLF DIGEST FAME.
A WORLD GOLF HALL OF FAMER AND
A PRESENCE AT AUGUSTA FOR 68
YEARS.
.
HE PASSED AWAY MARCH 7TH AT THE
AGE OF 89.
WE SHOW YOU THE HOGAN BRIDGE
BECAUSE OF HIS LONG
RELATIONSHIP WITH HIS FELLOW
FORT WORTH MAN, BEN HOGAN ANN.
LET'S GO TO THE PLAY AT THE 8TH
HOLE.
IAN: THIS IS XANDER SCHAUFFELE,
JUST INSIDE 100 YARDS, TRYING
TO GET SOME SPIN.
WONDERFULLY PLAYED.
ON TOP OF THE RIDGE.
ONE OVER THROUGH SEVEN.
THAT WILL GET HIM BACK TO EVEN
FOR THE DAY.
BACK TO THE LEADER AT 7.
VERNE: THIS IS THE DILEMMA
FACING FRANCESCO MOLINARI.
BACK IN THE TREES, THIS TIGHT
DRIVING HOLE, THE 7TH.
TRYING TO SUMMON A BIT OF
MASTERS SUNDAY BRILLIANCE.
HE HAS BEEN UNFLOPPABLE SO FAR
-- UNFLAPPABLE SO FAR.
152 REMAINING.
PETER: BILL, HE IS 19-19 IN AN
AREA TO GET THE BALL OUT.
BILL: WE HAVE TALKED ABOUT THE
FACT THAT YOU CAN USE THE SLOPE
ON THE BACK PART OF THE GREEN
TO FUNNEL THE BALL DOWN TO GET
IT CLOSE.
HE IS CERTAINLY VERY AWARE OF
THAT.
THAT METROPOLITANS MITIGATE THE
RISK A -- THAT HELPS MITIGATE
THE RISK A BIT.
36-YEAR-OLD FROM ITALY, THE
REIGNING OPEN CHAMPION.
PUTTING HIS NAME ON THE CLARET
JUG LAST SUMMER AT CARNOUSTIE.
FIRST PLAYER IN 23 YEARS NOT TO
RECORD A SCORE OVER PAR IN THE
LAST 36 HOLES.
FINDS THE OPENING.
THAT HOPS INTO THAT FRONT RIGHT
BUNKER.
NOW KEEP IN MIND, A COUPLE OF
PLAYERS, INCLUDING RICKIE
FOWLER AND XANDER SCHAUFFELE,
HAVE LEFT IT IN THAT BUNKER
BECAUSE THE SHOT OUT IS VERY
DELICATE.
WE WILL SEE WHAT MOLINARI CAN
DO COMING UP.
TIGER HAS 146.
THAT IS 20 YARDS BEHIND TONY
FINAU.
LOOK AT THIS.
HOW ABOUT IT?
AND WITH MOLINARI IN TROUBLE,
TIGER IS IN TIGHT AGAIN AT THE
7TH.
HERE HE WAS YESTERDAY.
HOLE LOCATION WAS TO THE LEFT
SIDE, AND DIALED IN AGAIN.
ANOTHER LOOK.
WOW.
JUST STUNNING.
THAT WILL GET TIGER BACK TO
EVEN FOR THE FINAL ROUND.
NOW AFTER A MONSTER DRIVE, TONY
FINAU, JUST 126 LEFT.
THAT WILL CATCH THE SIDE SLOPE
AND GO BACK ON TO THE GREEN,
AND HE WILL HAVE A
RIGHT-TO-LEFT BREAKER FOR
BIRDIE.
YOU HEARD THE ROAR A SHORT TIME
AGO.
LET'S GO OVER TO 16.
VERNE: ALEXANDER NOREN, USE THE
RIDGE.
WE HAVE SEEN IT MANY, MANY
TIMES HERE THE HOLE-OUT FROM
THE BUNKER WITH THE USE OF THE
RIDGE TO COMPLEMENT THE
HOLE-IN-ONE ALREADY FROM BRYSON
DECHAMBEAU.
LET'S GO TO 7.
BILL: THIS WELL PROTECTED
GREEN, FIVE BUNKERS, THREE IN
FRONT, TWO IN THE BACK.
FRONT RIGHT.
MOLINARI IS GOING TO TAKE A
LOOK, NICK, AT EVERY INCH OF
THIS TO SEE WHAT HE HAS TO WORK
WITH.
NICK: HE IS TRYING TO FIND THE
BACK STOP.
HE IS GOING TO FIND THE HIGH
POINT, GET A READ ON IT, CHIP
IT PAST THE FLAG UP TO THAT
HIGH SPOT, LINE IT UP AND WATCH
IT FEEDBACK DOWN.
TRYING TO GET ON THE LINE THAT
TIGER HAS JUST PLAYED THAT
FABULOUS SECOND SHOT.
THAT IS WHAT THEY ARE TRYING TO
DO.
THEY OBVIOUSLY DON'T WANT TO
UNDER COOK IT OR OVER COOK IT
AND SEND IT ONE YARD TOO FAR.
THEN IT WOULD STICK UP THERE.
BILL: ISN'T THIS JUST THE KIND
OF SHOT THAT BOBBY JONES AND
DR. MACKENZIE LOVE TO WATCH
THESE PLAYERS HAVE TO PULL OFF?
NICK: WELL, IT TESTS YOUR NERVE
ENDS, YES, EXACTLY.
IT IS PROBABLY THE MOST
EXACTING IRON SHOTS AND
CHIPPING.
BILL: WE THOUGHT HE MIGHT HAVE
GONE IN THE BUNKER, BUT AS YOU
CAN SEE, COMING UP SHORT.
NICK: DOESN'T GET HIGH ENOUGH.
YOU SEE IT IS RIGHT IN BETWEEN.
ANOTHER YARD HIGHER, IT WOULD
HAVE COME ALL WAY BACK.
BILL: TO 8.
IAN: IAN POULTER HAS HAD A GOOD
START, 273 WITH A 3-WOOD.
DON'T WANT TO MISS LEFT HERE.
GET IT UP ON THE FRONT OF THE
GREEN.
BEAUTIFUL SHOT.
LONG RANGE, BUT TWO PUTTS TO
GET TO A BIRDIE FOR IAN.
OUTRIGHT SECOND THAT WOULD BE.
JUST AN IRON FOR BROOKS FROM
253, A LITTLE DRAW.
GETS SOME EXTRA ROLL, COME OFF
THE RIGHT SIDE OF THE GREEN.
A VERY POPULAR SPOT TODAY.
EASY LITTLE CHIP FROM THERE.
IT STAYED ON THE UPSLOPE.
HE, TOO, AT 10 UNDER, LOOKING
TO GET TO 11.
BACK TO 7 NOW.
BILL: WELL, MOLINARI HAD TO
MAKE A PAR-SAVING PUTT AT 1.
DID IT AGAIN AT 5 AND 6.
NOW FACING ANOTHER AT THE 7TH.
THIS IS FROM 11 FEET.
NICK: HE JUST HAS TO TOUCH
THIS.
IT HAS TO BE A GREAT READ.
ALL HE CAN DO IS TOUCH IT AND
THEN JUST HOPE.
BILL: THAT STAYED ON THE HIGH
SIDE.
YOU ARE RIGHT, NICK.
JUST BARELY TOUCHED IT, START
IT HAD DOWN THE SLOPE.
WE COULD HAVE A TWO-SHOT SWING
HERE WITH TIGER IN TIGHT.
THREE-SHOT LEAD COULD BE ONE AS
THEY HIT THE 8TH TEE.
NICK: TWO SHOTS IS BAD ENOUGH,
BUT YOU WATCH THE CHANGE IN THE
ATMOSPHERE OF THE PATRONS AS
THEY CHANGE THE LEADERBOARDS
AROUND THE COURSE.
WE DON'T HAVE TO WATCH.
WE WILL HEAR IT.
IT WILL REVERBERATE ALL THE WAY
TO 18 AS SOON AS THEY CHANGE
THAT TO 11 FOR TIGER AND BACK
TO 12 FOR MOLINARI.
BILL: NINE FEET FOR BIRDIE FOR
FINAU.
THIS COULD ALSO BE A PART OF
THAT TWO-SHOT SWING.
PAR FOR TONY.
HE WILL REMAIN PLUS ONE FOR THE
ROUND AND 10 UNDER FOR THE
TOURNAMENT.
THIS FOR BOGEY.
FIRST BLEMISH ON THE CARD.
FIRST BOGEY IN HIS LAST 50
HOLES.
SECOND LONGEST STREAK IN
MASTERS HISTORY.
AND THERE IS THE ROAR FOR TIGER
.
A THREE, AND NOW HE TRAILS BY
ONE, ALONE IN SECOND AT 11
UNDER.
AFTER THAT BRILLIANT SECOND
SHOT, ANOTHER BIRDIE AT THE
7TH, AND THEY GO OFF TO THE PAR
5 8TH.
MOLINARI COMING BACK TO THE
FIELD.
IAN: GOOD AGGRESSIVE CHIP FROM
BROOKS THERE, LOOKING TO GET TO
12 UNDER, BUT HOLED THAT TO GET
TO 11.
GOOD LOOK AT THE 8TH TEE AS
THEY WALK BACK A GOOD 75 YARDS
FROM THE 7TH GREEN.
YELLOW JASMINE.
570 YARDS, PRETTY LEVEL WITH
THE TEE SHOT.
THEN YOU START CLIMBING THE
HILL HERE, 270 SHORT OF THE
BUNKER.
WE HAVE SEEN THAT A LOT WITH
THIS RIGHT-TO-LEFT BREEZE.
SOME MOUNDS JUST MESS WITH YOU
A LITTLE BIT, SEEING HOW FAR TO
HIT.
IT IS HARD TO SEE THE GREEN
SURFACE HERE.
LAY-UP TO THE RIGHT SIDE IS
BEST.
LEFT IS ALWAYS DIFFICULT WITH
HUGE MOUNDS LEFT OF THE GREEN.
HOLE LOCATION BACK CENTER.
AND A BIG RIDGE IN THE CENTER
OF THE GREEN THAT YOU HAVE TO
COME UP AND OVER HERE.
75 FEET FOR IAN POULTER FOR
EAGLE.
AND VERY QUICK PAST THE HOLE.
THAT IS WHERE IT GETS DOWNHILL.
OVERLY AGGRESSIVE.
IT LOOKS SO STEEP THERE, THE
FIRST HALF, BUT ONCE IT GETS
OVER THE RIDGE, IT JUST TAKES
OFF.
NICK: NOW FOR ME, IF TIGER CAN
HIT FOUR GREAT DRIVES IN THE
NEXT FOUR HOLES, 8, 9, 10 AND
11, THAT COULD BE A KEY MOMENT
IN THE ROUND.
IF HE IS IN PLAY AT EVERY HOLE,
MAKING LIFE EASY FOR HIMSELF.
IAN: THIS ONE GOING TO THE
RIGHT POSSIBLY RIGHT OF THE
BUNKER.
NICK: THAT IS THE FIRST SHORT
SWING WE HAVE SEEN.
TIGER FELT THE PRESSURE ON THAT
TEE SHOT.
IAN: HE WAS PROBABLY TRYING TO
DRAW IT WITH THE BREEZE.
IF THAT TREE IS NOT IN THE WAY,
HE COULD BE OK.
NICK: DOESN'T LOOK CONCERNED
THERE.
HE MUST KNOW HE STILL HAS A
SHOT.
IAN: IT IS A GREAT ANGLE.
TONY CERTAINLY HAS THE DISTANCE
TO CARRY THE BUNKER.
WE SEE THE BIRDIE-BIRDIE-EAGLE
THE PREVIOUS THREE ROUNDS.
NICK: MY GOODNESS.
330 THROUGH THE AIR.
IAN: ABSOLUTELY IDEAL.
POULTER, NO DAMAGE DONE ON THE
FIRST PUTT.
HE HAS TO SHAKE OFF THE BOGEY.
HE DOESN'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT
THAT OFTEN.
HE HAS ONLY HAD TO DO IT TWICE
THIS WEEK.
NICK: HE WOULD LIKE TO BE
THERE.
TWO SOLID SHOTS, SOMEWHERE
CLOSE TO THE GREEN.
YOU HAVE TO BOUNCE BACK WHEN
YOU MAKE A FOUR.
NATE: MUST MISS THE BUNKER.
IAN: HE IS WATCHING.
THAT HAS COMPOUNDED THE MISTAKE
AT THE BOGEY OF 7 BY HITTING IT
IN THERE.
NICK: 25 YARDS LEFT OF THE
BUCKER.
IAN: FIRST SIGN OF ANY FRAILITY
AT ALL, ISN'T IT?
YES.
BROOKS KOEPKA HAS BEEN AMAZING
IN THE MAJORS THE LAST COUPLE
OF YEARS.
34 UNDER PAR IN MAJOR
CHAMPIONSHIPS SINCE THE
BEGINNING OF 2016, BEFORE THIS
WEEK, THAT IS.
11 BETTER THAN ANYBODY ELSE.
OVER TO 9.
JIM: XANDER SCHAUFFELE WITH HIS
8-IRON.
OH, IS THIS A GOOD ONE.
NICK: WOW.
HE GOT THAT WITH A BIT OF HOOK
SPIN TO SPIN TO THE LEFT, ON A
SLIDE SLOPE GOING THE OTHER
WAY.
JIM: HE WILL HAVE THAT PUTT TO
GET TO NINE UNDER.
A TWO-SHOT SWING THEY 7TH.
TIGER WITH A BIRDIE AND
MOLINARI WITH A BOGEY.
THEY POST IT AT 18.
THE LEAD IS ONE.
JIM: FOR REAL-TIME SCORING,
LIVE VIDEO, NEWS AND MORE,
VISIT MASTERS.COM.
IN ADDITION TO EVERYTHING ELSE,
THERE IS A NEW TRACK
ENHANCEMENT.
SO WITHIN MINUTES OF EVERY
SHOT, FANS WILL BE ABLE TO
FOLLOW THEIR FAVORITE PLAYERS
THROUGHOUT AT MASTERS.COM.
ON THE TEE AT 9, FRESH OFF
BIRDIE, KOEPKA, ONE BACK.
NICK: HE HITS IT SO FAR, EVEN A
DRAW.
NOT THE GREATEST OF ANGLES DOWN
THE LEFT SIDE.
PETER: BROOKS IS KNOWN FOR HIS
DRIVING OF THE BALL.
EARLIER THIS WEEK ON THE
PRACTICE FACILITY, WE HAD THE
MOTION CAPTURE SYSTEM OUT.
IT IS THE FIRST TIME PLAYERS
ARE ABLE TO BE MEASURED WITHOUT
ACTUALLY HAVING TO WEAR
MARKERS.
BROOKS TAKES THE CLUB BACK WITH
THE DRIVER, AND LOOK AT THE
RELEASE OF HIS LEFT KNEE.
31, ALMOST 32 DEGREES OF
FLEXION IN THE LEFT KNEE.
HE STARTS THE DOWNWARD DRIVE BY
STRAIGHTENING THE LEFT LEAGUE,
ACTUALLY HYPEREXTENDING IT BY
TWO DEGREES.
THAT CLEARS THE LEFT HIP, GIVES
HIM A LOT OF LOWER BODY ROW
TAKES AND OBVIOUSLY A LOT OF
CLUB HEAD SPEED.
TERRIFIC NEW TECHNOLOGY TO GET
SOME NUMBERS OFF OF SOME
PLAYERS WITHOUT THEM KNOWING
IT.
JIM: BOY, THE WAY HE SMASHES
THE DRIVER, IT IS
EXTRAORDINARY.
LET'S GO OVER TO THE 8TH.
FRAN: MOLINARI MUST BE --
FRANK: MOLINARI MUST BE CAREFUL
HERE.
MUST GET IT OVER THE LIP.
HE HAS.
GOOD SMART PLAY.
HE WILL HAVE A GOOD VIEW OF THE
GREEN FROM THERE.
HE WILL BE ABLE TO CONTROL THE
SPIN.
SO NO GREAT DAMAGE DONE.
IT JUST TAKES AWAY THAT
OPPORTUNITY OF KNOCKING IT ON
IN TWO.
JIM: LET'S SEE IF XANDER CAN
GET THE PAY-OFF BIRDIE AFTER
THE SUPERB SECOND.
YES.
SO HE CLIMBS TO NINE UNDER.
JUST TWO PARS ON THAT SIDE.
FOUR BIRDIES, THREE BOGEYS.
NICK: THREE BOGEYS AND STILL
SHOT ONE UNDER.
HE SPENT A LOT THERE IN THE
LAST 12 OR 14 HOLES.
HE HAS PLAYED BEAUTIFULLY, BUT
HE MADE A MESS OF 15 YESTERDAY.
JIM: WHEN TIGER HAS MISSED HIS
DRIVES, HE HAS GOTTEN SOME GOOD
BREAKS.
LET'S SEE WHAT CASE IS HERE.
HE WAS RIGHT OFF THE TEE AT 8.
NICK: HE IS FINE.
IAN: IT IS IN THE SECOND CUT,
BUT HE HAS SOME BREEZE BEHIND
HIM.
THE GREEN IS CERTAINLY A LOT
SOFTER AND A LITTLE BIT SLOWER
THAN WE ARE USED TO SEEING IN
ALL THE YEARS WE HAVE BEEN
COMING HERE SINCE 1985.
AND NICK, PROBABLY A COUPLE OF
YEARS BEFORE THEN.
GRAY SKIES, RAIN EARLIER IN THE
WEEK.
NICK: I HAVE NEVER SEEN THEM
THIS CONSISTENTLY SOFT THE
WHOLE WEEK, NO.
NICK: LONG IS OK.
YOU JUST SAW IT AFTER BROOKS
KOEPKA GETTING UP AND DOWN.
IAN: AND THE DIFFICULTY OF IAN
POULTER'S PUTT FROM SHORT.
HE HAS THE 5-WOOD.
HE
NICK: HE HAS HIT A COUPLE OF
GREAT 5-WOODS THIS YEAR, ONE IN
LOS ANGELES, AND ONE OUT OF THE
BUNKER.
OH, YES.
IAN: ONE OF THE THINGS HERE IS
THE BREEZE COMING DOWN FROM 9
AND FROM THE TOP OF THE HILL
WILL BE DIFFERENT FROM THE WAY
THE BREEZE IS BLOWING ON TOP OF
HILL.
AND IT IS BLOWING DOWN BREEZE
UP TOP.
NICK: HE IS GOING WITH A CUT
THOUGH.
THAT MEANS IT CAME OUT HOT.
IAN: HE KNEW AS SOON AS HE HIT
IT.
I DO BELIEVE IT IS FAR BETTER
THERE THAN SHORT.
BUT HE WAS CONCERNED WITH
THE-IRON.
THAT HE MAY NOT GET ENOUGH
CLEANUP ON IT.
NOW TONY, JUST 239 DOWN BREEZE,
4-IRON OR 5-IRON.
DOES IT GET OVER THE RIDGE AND
GATHER SPEED?
NOT QUITE, BUT A LOVELY SHOT.
MAYBE HE CAN GET A BIRDIE HERE
AND GET BACK TO EVEN PAR.
JUST A TOUGH START AT AUGUSTA
NATIONAL.
4 IS A HARD HOLE, 5 IS BRUTALLY
DIFFICULT.
6 AGAIN, A TOUGH PAR 3.
HERE IS WHERE THEY CAN MAKE A
BIRDIE AND IGNITE TH ROUND,
WHICH WE HAVE SEEN MANY TIMES
BEFORE.
MOLINARI CLIMBS THE RIDGE OVER
THE MOUNDS, SEES WHERE HIS BALL
IS.
NOW HE CAN START SEEING WHERE
THE FLAG IS LOCATED AS WELL.
WE GO AHEAD ONE TO 9.
NICK: POULTER, FABULOUS VIEW OF
THE ANGLE THERE.
FROM THAT CORNER, IT IS GOING
TO BE ABOUT SEVEN.
IT GOES DIAGONALLY, AND THE
MIDDLE OF THE GREEN IS 10.
SO THEY HAVE ONE YARD TO WORK
WITH IF YOU PUSH IT TO THE
RIGHT OF THE FLAG.
RIGHT-TO-LEFT WIND.
HOLD A NICE FADE UP AGAINST
THAT.
IT WILL NOT SPIN.
THAT WILL HAVE 15 FEET OF
RIGHT-TO-LEFT BREAK.
YOU HAVE TO PUTT THAT ALMOST TO
THE GAP THERE BETWEEN THE TWO
BUNKERS, HEAD IT ACROSS THERE,
HANG A LEVEL AND DRIBBLE IT
DOWNHILL.
BROOKS HAS TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF
THIS.
GET A WEDGE ON THE RIGHT LEVEL
INSIDE 10 FEET.
HE HAS PULLED IT, SO GOES TO GO
DID GO SO IT IS GOING TO GO
LONG.
HE NEEDED A CUT TO CUT IT
AGAINST THE WIND.
THAT MADE A HUGE DIFFERENCE.
THE PULL COST HIM THERE.
JIM: LET'S GO BACK TO THE 8TH.
IAN: TIGER'S BALL WILL BE OVER
TOWARDS THE CAMERA TOWER YOU
CAN SEE IN THE DISTANCE, LONG
AND RIGHT.
HE HAS TO LAND THIS ON TOP OR
JUST OVER THE RIDGE.
YOU DON'T WANT TO HIT IT INTO
THE RIDGE AND SPIN IT BACK.
NOT TOO BAD FROM BACK THERE.
ABOUT 10 FEET LEFT FOR HIS
BIRDIE.
GET THAT DROPPED SHOT BACK FROM
THE 7TH.
TIGER WOODS PROWLING AT THE
8TH.
FRANK: HE NEW A AS SOON AS HE
HIT THAT 5-WOOD THAT IT WOULD
COME OUT HOT, LAND HARD AND
RUN.
BUT HE HAS THE BACK STOP BEHIND
THE HOLE, AND HE HAS PLENTY OF
GREEN WITH WHICH TO WORK.
HE CAN GET SOME SPIN ON THIS
BALL.
THAT LITTLE BANK, FOUR FEET
HIGH.
NICK: CAN HE JUST PLAY THIS
NORMALLY, OR DOES HE GO PAST
AND BRING IT BACK?
DOES HE HAVE TWO OPTIONS?
FRANK: I THINK THE SECOND
OPTION, NICK, IS A SAVER.
IF HE NIPS IT CLEANLY AND GETS
THE FIRST BOUND, HE HAS THAT
BACK STOP.
NICK: A GOOD OLD BUMP AND RUN.
FRANK: IT GATHERS TO THE RIGHT,
AT LEAST HE HAS A STRAIGHT
UPHILL PUTT FOR THE BIRDIE.
OBVIOUSLY THE BALL WAS LAYING
ON THE DOWNSLOPE THERE, NICK.
THAT IS WHY HE WENT LOW.
NICK: THE BUMP AND RUN MADE
SENSE.
FRANK: A SAND WEDGE RATHER THAN
THE LOB WEDGE.
OVER TO 9.
JIM: POULTER, FOLLOWED BY
KOEPKA ON THE SAME LINE.
NICK: I WAS PLAYING WITH THIS
PURT IN PRACTICE OVER THE
WEEKEND.
YOU CAN ALMOST GET IT PAST THE
FLAG, AND IT WILL TURN KIND OF
BACKWARDS.
OF COURSE IT IS A LITTLE BIT
SLOWER.
JIM: HIS PUTTING TODAY FROM
LONG DISTANCE HAS BEEN
WONDERFUL.
TO 8.
FRANK: TIED 10TH LAST YEAR IN
HIS MASTERS DEBUT.
WE ALL SAW HOW HE HURT HIS
ANKLE IN THE PAR 3 CONTEST.
HE PLAYED WELL ALL WEEK.
NOW THIS ONE TO TIE FOR THE
LEAD.
GOOD SPEED.
OH, IT JUST DIDN'T TURN.
LOVELY PUTT.
JIM: AND BACK AT 9, KOEPKA.
NICK: NOT QUITE AS MUCH BREAK,
BUT THE SAME SPEED ISSUES.
INTO THE GULLEY, AND DOWN SHE
COMES.
EXCUSE ME.
JIM: PARDON ME.
JUST NOT AS MUCH FIRE AS WE
NORMALLY SEE.
NICK: NO, BY A LONG WAY.
THESE GREENS COULD BE AS MUCH
AS THREE FEET SLOWER THAN AT
THEIR FEISTIEST.
JIM: ONE UNDER PAR FOR KOEPKA.
LET'S GO BACK TO 8.
FRANK: TO EXTEND THE LEAD.
OH, MY GOODNESS.
THE ITALIAN MET GNOME JUST
KEEPS ON TICKING.
AMAZING THE WAY HE HAS PUTTED.
TWO BOGEYS ALL WEEK, AND SO
STEADY FROM THAT DISTANCE.
NICK: THAT THROWS THE PRESSURE
BACK TO TIGER.
FRANK: CERTAINLY DOES.
A LITTLE FIST BUMP THERE WITH
HIS CADDIE.
NICK: WILL THIS ONE LEAK TO THE
RIGHT A LITTLE MORE THAN HE
THINKS?
FRANK: YES.
ONCE AGAIN, NICK, IT IS ONE OF
THOSE PUTTS THAT IF YOU START
IT LEFT FIRM, IT STAYS
STRAIGHT.
NICK: LIKE TONY'S.
YOU COULD PUT IT A BALL LEFT,
AND IT MAY STATE RIGHT THERE?
FRANK: YES.
I HAVE SEEN THIS PUTT THREE OR
FOUR TIMES.
DUSTIN JOHNSON HOLED IT NICELY,
BUT HE REALLY HIT IT FIRM, AND
IT STAYED STRAIGHT.
THIS TO GET TO 12.
IAN POULTER DID TWO-PUTT THAT
DIFFICULT ONE BACK AT 9 FOR HIS
PAR.
BIRDIE-BIRDIE FOR WOODS AT 7
AND 8.
AS YOU SUGGEST, NICK, GOOD
DRIVES OFF 9, 10 AND 11 ARE
ESSENTIAL.
NICK: REALLY KEY.
IT TAKES SO MUCH PRESSURE OFF.
YOU CAN STAY IN ATTACKING MODE
RATHER THAN STARTING TO GET
FEARFUL.
AND AN EASY TWO-PUTT BIRDIE FOR
YOUNG TONY FINAU.
SETTLE THE NERVES A LITTLE BIT,
GET A BIRDIE UNDER THE BELT.
HE HAD 30 ON THE FRONT NINE
YESTERDAY.
MAYBE HE CAN DO IT ON THE BACK
NINE TODAY.
THEY WALK BACK TO THE 9TH TIME
TO THE RIGHT OF THE 1ST GREEN,
AND THEY WILL FIRE BACK DOWN
THE HILL TO THE DOG LEG LEFT.
JIM: AT THE 10TH HOLE, MATT
KUCHAR.
HE PLAYED THE FIRST NINE IN
EVEN, BUT MAYBE THIS WILL START
SOMETHING ON THE SECOND SIDE
WITH A TAP-IN BIRDIE COMING AT
THE 10TH.
WE GO BACK TO THE 9TH.
EVERY HOLE, NICK HAS BEEN ITS
ON LITTLE CHAPTER, ITS ON
LITTLE DRAMA.
TIGER IS ONE UNDER.
THE OTHER TWO IN THIS GROUP
BOTH EVEN FOR THE DAY, FIRST
DOWN AND MOLINARI.
-- FINAU AND MOLINARI.
NICK: TIGER HAD A GREAT
OPPORTUNITY AT THE 6TH TO PUT
FRESH ON FRANCESCO, BUT HE
MISSED THE PUTT.
THEY BOTH MADE THREE, AND THAT
WAS A SIGNIFICANT MOMENT.
AS I SAID EARLIER ON, IF YOU
ARE RUNNING, LET THE FRONT
RUNNERS DO ALL THE HEAVY
LIFTING AND HANG WITH THEM.
THEN AS THINGS TIGHTEN UP, WHO
IS GOING TO HANG ON?
JIM: NOW WITH DRIVER.
NICK: YES.
YOU WANT TO GET IT DOWN THERE.
WITH THIS HOLE LOCATION, AS FAR
DOWN THERE AS POSSIBLE.
THAT IS PERFECT DOWN THE RIGHT
SIDE.
JIM: FINAU IS NEXT, COMING OFF
OF HIS FIRST BIRDIE OF THE DAY.
LOOK OUT.
JIM: THAT IS WAY BACK.
THEY ARE LOOKING RIGHT AROUND
THE BASE OF THAT TREE.
HE HAS ALREADY BEEN AGAINST THE
BASE OF ONE.
YOU JUST NEVER KNOW WHAT THE
GOLF GOLEDS HAVE IN MIND.
YOU HIT IT IN THE FOREST, SOME
ARE GOING TO BE UP AGAINST A
TREE ONCE OR TWICE A WEEK.
NICK: I WOULD LIKE TO NUMBER
THE NUMBERS, THE SCORE HE HAS
MADE WHEN TIGER HAS BEEN IN THE
FREESE.
THE SCORES IN THE FIRST TWO
ROUNDS WERE INCREDIBLE.
JIM: NOW MOLINARI.
HE HIT THE LAST ONE IN BUNKER
OFF THE TEE.
HIT THIS ONE ON THE NOSE.
NICK: DOWN TO ONE OF THE NICE
FLAT PLATEAUS.
JIM: TO 11.
FRAN: PATRICK CANTLAY MADE THE
CUT, 72, 73.
64 YESTERDAY.
SECOND STROKE STRAIGHT DATE HE
BIRDIES 11.
CANTLAY, DOUBLE FIGURES NOW.
NICK: A PLAYER WE THINK HAS AN
OPPORTUNITY TO POST A SCORE.
FRANK: WE CERTAINLY DO.
BACK TO 10.
JIM: YOU HEAR THE GRAYSON
MURRAYS.
THEY KNOW IT IS SAILING ON HIM.
NICK: THAT IS CONCERNING.
YOU TRUE TO DRIVE IT AND CARVE
IT RIGHT.
JACK:
JIM: THAT IS WHAT WE WERE
TALKING BFMENT YOU DRIVE IN IN
THE FOREST, DO YOU GET A LIE OR
A SWING?
THAT DOESN'T LOOK PROMISING.
TIGER IS ONE BACK.
MOLINARI HAS HIM BY A SHOT AS
THEY PLAY THE 9TH IN THE FINAL
ROUND OF THE MASTERS.
JIM: BACK ON A HUMID, CLOUDY
MORNING IN AUGUSTA.
LET'S TAKE A LOOK AT THIS.
NICK: TWO PERFECT DRIVES OUT OF
THREE.
RIGHT OF CENTER TODAY.
IT IS SEMI-BLIND.
IT IS LIKE A GREEN HORIZON.
THEY COME DOWN THE HILL, A
COUPLE OF PLATEAUS, TURN,
UPHILL.
AWKWARD LIE, BALL BELOW YOUR
FEET.
A TRADITIONAL FRONT LEFT CORNER
JUST ABOVE THE MEGAFALSE FRONT.
ONLY YARDS AND INCHES TO WORK
WITH ON THAT HOLE LOCATION.
JIM: I LIKE THAT, MEGA-FALSE
FRONT.
WE HAVE SEEN IT FACTOR IN SO
MANY MASTERS TOURNAMENTS.
WE CAN REPORT THAT KOEPKA'S TEE
SHOT OVER AT 10 IS IN THE
CLEAR.
HE WILL HAVE A SHOT.
NICK: WOW.
THAT IS PROBABLY THE WORST
SWING HE HAS MADE ALL WEEK.
JIM: YES.
HE WAS DISCUSSING PERHAPS
RELIEF.
HERE IS TONY FINAU SETTING UP
TO PLAY A MASSIVE HOOK.
NICK: IF HE CAN GET IT UP TO
THE RITE PART OF THE GREEN,
THAT WOULD BE A HUGE BREAK.
BUT HE KIND OF HAS TO GO
DOWNHILL AND CLIMB UP.
NOT SURE IF HE HAS A TRICK SHOT
IN THE BAG TO SEND IT LOW AND
THEN HIGH.
THESE GUYS CAN HOOK IT.
THAT IS THE EASY BIT.
JIM: LOOK AT THAT HOOK SWING.
IN NOTICE HURRY TO LOOK AT IT.
NICK: HE DID IT.
JUST LIKE THE 2ND HOOK, HE OVER
HOOKED THAT ONE -- NO, THAT WAS
KOEPKAS.
NO, HE DIDN'T WANT IT THERE.
ANYTHING FIVE YARDS TO THE
RIGHT SIDE WOULD HAVE BEEN A
FAR EASIER THIRD.
TIGER KNOWS WITH THAT WIND
DIRECTION, HE HAS GOT TO CUT
IT.
HE HAS TO LAND IT PERFECTLY.
HE CAN'T BE ONE YARD SHORT OF
THAT FLAG.
IT WILL SPIN AND COME DOWN.
JIM: HE HAS A 7-IRON.
MOLINARI OUTDROVE HIM HERE.
AND THAT IS GOING TO THE SAME
AREA AS FINAU.
ABOVE AND BEYOND.
NICK: WOW.
THAT MAY BE THE BACK ISSUES.
WHEN THE BALL IS BELOW YOUR
FEET, YOU HAVE TO TORQUE YOUR
BACK EVEN MORE TO IMPACT.
YOU HAVE TO HOLD THE BLADE OFF.
IF THE BACK SAYS I CAN'T DO
THAT, THE ARMS TAKE OVER.
JIM: TOUGHER WITH THE SOFTER
CONDITIONS.
NICK: YES.
JIM: IT IS SO HARD TO DESCRIBE
IT BECAUSE YOU DON'T SEE MANY
APPROACHES LIKE THIS.
IT IS LIKE YOU ARE APPROACHING
THE GREEN FROM FRIEND ANGLE.
NICK: YES.
IT IS AN OPPOSITE TWIST.
THE BALL IS BELOW YOUR FEET.
YOU WANT TO GO UP AND TO THE
LEFT, BUT THE BALL WANTS TO GO
TO THE RIGHT.
IF YOU CAN STRIKE IT PERFECTLY,
THAT IS.
JIM: WHAT IS HE SETTING UP
HERE, NICK?
NICK: A TRADITIONAL DRAW, HIS
USUAL SHOT.
HE IS RIGHT OF THE FLAG.
WILL IT SPIN?
NO.
THAT IS A FUN ONE.
HE HAS TO GO STRAIGHT ALONG THE
TOP OF THE RIDGE, BLINKERS ON,
HANG A LEFT, ANOTHER
ROLLERCOASTER.
JIM: TO 12.
FRAN: CANTLAY WITH A 9-IRON.
HOLE CUT ALL ALONE ON THE RIGHT
SIDE.
THAT IS ALWAYS FUN ON A SUNDAY.
ONLY THREE BACK.
WE GOOD BACK TO 10.
JIM: AND WAY BACK THERE IS
KOEPKA.
NICK: HE IS ACTUALLY FORTUNATE
THE PIN IS BACK LEFT.
THAT GIVES HIM TONS OF ROOM TO
WORK WITH.
GREAT VIEW.
SEND IT DOWN THE LEFT-HAND EDGE
OF THE GREENSIDE EDGE.
JIM: 249 YARDS TO GET THERE.
NICK: JUST A 4-IRON.
IT WON'T GET ACROSS THAT
BUNKER.
YES.
IT IS NOT THAT FAR OFF LINE,
BUT IT DOESN'T GET THE CARRY
COMING IN AT THAT ANGLE.
JIM: AHEAD TO 13.
DOTTIE: JASON DAY TO REACH
DOUBLE FIGURES.
WE HAVE HAD THREE EAGLES HERE
ALREADY TODAY.
JUST A LITTLE BIT OF SPEED.
A LITTLE BIT OF A SURPRISE,
TOO, FOR THESE PLAYERS.
IT HAS BEEN A LONG TIME SINCE
THEY HAVE SEEN THIS ON A
SUNDAY.
IT WAS A.L. YEAR'S FRIDAY HOLE
LOCATION.
WELL, WITH 9 1/2 HOLES TO GO,
MOLINARI WITH THAT SLIVER OF A
LEAD OVER TIGER WOODS.
KOEPKA, FINAU.
JASON DAY DID TAP IN FOR HIS
BIRDIE AT THE 13TH AND GETS TO
NINE UNDER.
BACK TO 9.
JIM: FINAU WITH THIS BUNKER
SHOT YOU ALREADY SAID IS NOT
EASY.
NICK: WELL, YOU COME OUTSIDE
WAYS, WELL LEFT, AND JUST TRY
AND GET IT ONE YARD ON THE
GREEN.
OR YOU GO STRAIGHT AT IT AND
JUST ACCEPT HE IS GOING TO HAVE
A 10, 12 OR 15-FOOTER.
JIM: IT SKIDDED OFF THE FRINGE.
STAY ON.
NICK: THAT WILL MAKE YOUR HEART
RACE.
JIM: TO IAN POULTER.
NICK: I TELL YOU WHAT, IAN IS
GOING NICELY.
HE IS GOING TO BE ANOTHER ONE
THAT IS GETTING BIG IDEAS ABOUT
POSTING A SCORE.
JIM: HE IS AT ONE UNDER FOR THE
DAY.
10 UNDER FOR THE TOURNAMENT.
BACK TO 9.
NICK: LOOK AT TIGER PONDERING.
HE IS TRYING TO VISUALIZE.
STAND, LOOK AND FEEL IT.
HE HAS TO ALMOST SEND IT OFF
THE RIGHT EDGE OF THE GREEN.
IT WILL CATCH A NICE GULLEY
THERE AND JUST TURN.
JIM: KEY HERE IS GETTING THE
SPEED RIGHT.
YOU HAVE YOUR BRAIN'S CONDITION
FROM ALL THE YEARS OF FEARING
THIS PUTT ABOVE THE HOLE THAT
CAN JUST RACE BY.
BUT WITH THES SOFTER, IT BELIES
WHAT THE EXPERIENCE SAYS.
TO 12.
FRANK: THE SIDE WINDER FOR
CANTLAY.
HE HAD THE RIGHT IDEA.
BACK TO THE 9TH.
NICK: ALL HE HAS TO DO IS JUST
GET IT TO THE TOP OF THE
HEILMAN AND ON TO THE OWEN
SLOPE AND THAT'S IT.
NO MORE.
DOESN'T NEED ANYMORE FORCE THAN
THAT.
IT WILL MAKE IT TO THE HOLE.
JIM: HE IS STARING DOWN THIS
FLAG STICK.
NICK: IN USUAL TIGER FASHION,
HE IS TRYING TO FIND A WAY TO
MAKE THIS.
JIM: HE MADE A LONG ONE UP THE
HILL FROM WHERE HE IS STANDING
NOW FROM OUTSIDE 30 FEET.
GIVES IT A CAUTIOUS GO.
NICK: YES.
LOOK AT THIS.
JIM: IT IS NOT GOING TO BE
SHORT, IS IT?
NICK: NO.
THIS IS PERFECTION.
IT IS ALL YOURS, JIM.
JIM: OH, MY GOODNESS.
NOT QUITE.
NICK: HE KNEW IT.
HOW ABOUT THAT.
IT WAS A 50-FOOT PUTT, AND HE
WAS JUST TRYING TO HIT A 12
FOOTER.
JIM: IT TOOK 50 SECONDS TO GET
THERE.
THAT WAS MAGNIFICENT.
SHOOTS ONE UNDER ON THE SIDE
THREE BIRDIES TO GO WITH THE
BOGEYS AT 4 AND 5.
35 HAS BEEN A POPULAR SCORE FOR
HIM THIS WEEK ON THAT FIRST
NINE.
AND WE GO TO 10 WITH KOEPKA.
NICK: KEEP TURNING.
WELL DONE.
YOU HAVE TO PLAY A LITTLE
FURTHER TO THE RIGHT THAN YOU
THINK
JIM: BACK TO 9.
MOLINARI STEPPING INTEREST A
BIRDIE BID.
NICK: NOT EVEN CLOSE, JIM.
JIM: ALL RIGHT, THIRD SHOT.
NICK: YES, THIRD SHOT.
[LAUGHTER]
SAME PROBLEM.
HE HAS TO FIND THE TOP OF THE
HILL, THE APEX.
JIM: HE HAS HIT IT TOO HARD.
NICK: YES.
CAREFUL.
HE ENDS UP PAST.
THAT IS BRUTAL HARD FROM SEVEN
OR EIGHT FEET?
JIM: MAYBE NOT QUIT.
STARTED TO CIRCLE AROUND ONCE
IT GET PAST THE HOLE.
HE IS LOOKING OVER AND
WONDERING HOW HE JUST DID THAT.
HE HAS TO GRIND FOR IT.
FINAU WILL HAVE TO FACE THAT
SAME CHANGE FIRST.
NICK: SO THEY HAVE ALL GOT --
MOLINARI, KOEPKA AND FINAU ALL
HAVE TOUGH PUTTS.
TIGER IS ON SCORECARD.
HE IS GOING TO STAY 12.
ANOTHER MOMENT.
THERE ARE ALWAYS SOME MOMENTS
MID ROUND HERE AT THE MASTERS
ON SUNDAY.
WHAT A FOUR.
JIM: THERE IS ONE IN THE HOLE.
NICK: TREES, BUNKER, ONE PUTT.
JIM: I UNDERSTAND HE HAD A
QUIET RELAXED NIGHT WITH HIS
FAMILY.
REPRESENTED A HOUSE HERE IN
AUGUSTA.
HE HAS ABOUT 15 FAMILY MEMBERS
ON THE TRIP FROM UTAH.
EARLY IN THIS ROUND, THE STORY
OF MOLINARI WITH ALL THE PAR
SAVES.
THAT WAS THE STORY.
HE MADE A NICE PUTT AT 8 FOR
BIRDIE.
NICK: HE HAS MADE FOUR VERY
GOOD ONES AT 1, 5, 6 AND 8, AND
HE NEEDS THIS AT 9.
JIM: HE HAS COMPETED TWICE
AGAINST TIGER IN RYDER CUP
SINGLES.
TIGER WILL WANT AND SEE IF HE
COULD SUDDENLY BE TIED FOR THE
LEAD, OR WILL MOLINARI HOLD HIM
OFF AGAIN?
NICK: IF YOU ARE GOING TO WIN
THE MASTERS, YOU HAVE TO PUTT
GREAT.
THAT IS AN ABSOLUTE MUST.
JIM: THAT EVEN BRINGS OUT A
LITTLE GRIN.
HIS PUTTING IN THAT RANGE
BETWEEN SIX AND EIGHT FEET,
PHENOMENAL.
NICK: CONTROL OF THE NERVES,
EMOTIONS, EVERYTHING.
EVEN YOUR BREATHING YOU HAVE TO
BE ABLE TO CONTROL.
JIM: AT 10, POULTER.
GOOD PUTT.
HURRY NOW.
TRYING TO BECOME THE THIRD
ENGELLANDMAN TO EVER WIN --
ENGLISHMAN TO EVER WIN THE
GREEN JACKET.
DANNY WILL ETAN OUR MAN NICK ON
THREE OCCASIONS.
THAT WAS IN THE HEART.
KOEPKA.
LOOK HOW MUCH BREAK HE IS
PLAYING.
YOU SAID IT WAS A PIVOTAL
MOMENT.
ALL THREE OF THEM FACED
SIX-FOOTERS.
THE FIRST TWO HAVE GONE DOWN.
MAKE IT 3-3.
NICK: WOW.
JIM: THEY ALL COULD HAVE
MISSED, NICK.
NICK: THAT IS THE STORY,
YOUNGSTERS.
YOU NEED TECHNIQUE, YOU NEED
NERVE, AND YOU NEED AN AWFUL
LOT OF DETERMINATION.
JIM: HE HAS THAT.
YOU SAW A RETIRE SIGN OF
EXCITEMENT FROM KOEPKA WITH A
LITTLE PUMP FIST AFTER HE
KNOCKED THAT ONE IN FOR A HUGE
SAVE.
ON THE 10 AT 10.
NICK: A NICE EASY DRAW AROUND
THE CORNER.
JIM: GOING 3-WOOD.
NICK: OH, THAT WAS A LITTLE
LATE FLICK.
HEADED DOWN THE RIGHT.
NOW THAT IS SNOOKERED.
SOMEBODY GAVE IT A NUDGE.
HOW IS HE GOING TO MAKE A FOUR
FROM THERE?
WAIT AND SEE.
JIM: HOW ABOUT A THREE?
REMEMBER WHAT HE DID AT 14?
ON FRIDAY?
NICK: ABSOLUTELY.
THAT COULD HAVE A 5-WOOD
THROUGH THE MAGNOLIA BUSH ON TO
THE GREEN.
OH, BOY.
JIM: FINAU HAS TO BE FEELING A
LITTLE MORE OPTIMISTIC WITH
THAT ESCAPE AT THE 9TH.
NICK: YES.
THAT IS NOT REALLY GOING TO
TURN.
THE LENGTH THEY HIT IT IS NOT
IT.
IT IS THE ANGLE THEY PUSH IT,
DOWN THAT SECOND SLOPE.
SETTING UP FOR A DRAW.
IT IS SERIOUS GOLF TIME.
10, 11, 12, 13 WITH THE HOLE
LOCATION FRONT RIGHT CORNER.
14 IS EASY.
SO THE NEXT FEW ARE PRETTY
TOUGH.
BEAUTIFUL STRIKER, ISN'T HE?
CLEAN AND CRISP.
JIM: THE BEST OF THE THREE.
UP AHEAD TO 11.
FRANK: SCHAUFFELE FROM MORE
THAN 65 FEET AWAY.
THIS IS QUICK.
IT HAS GOT A CHANCE.
HAS TO TURN.
ANOTHER ROLL.
CAN YOU BELIEVE IT?
HE JUST DOESN'T GO AWAY.
THEY WOULD HAVE HEARD THE ROAR
BACK THERE.
KOEPKA READY TO UNLEASH.
THAT IS ABSOLUTELY POUNDED.
SO, ITALY HAS LESS THAN 1,000
GOLFERS, BUT THEY FIND THEIR
STAR AT THE TOP ON THE MASTERS.
JIM: NINE HOLES TO GO.
THERE YOU SEE THE GOLF BALL
BELONGING TO TIGER, RIGHT OF
THE 10TH, MAGNOLIA TREE IN HIS
LINE.
NICK: FROM THAT FIRST CAMERA
ANGLE, IT LOOKS LIKE HE WAS
THREE FEET BEHIND THE BUSHES.
IT WAS A QUICK DECISION, A
CHIP-OUT FOR SAFETY.
NICK FALDO
[CAPTIONING FUNDED BY CBS
SPORTS DIVISION]
[CAPTIONING PERFORMED BY THE
NATIONAL CAPTIONING INSTITUTE,
WHICH IS RESPONSIBLE FOR ITS
CAPTION CONTENT AND ACCURACY.
VISIT NCICAP.ORG]
NICK: NO OPTIONS, EVEN FOR
TIGER.
HE WILL HAVE TO CHIP IT OUT FOR
YARDAGE.
JIM: YOU HEARD THE CHATTER FROM
FINAU'S BAG.
NICK: HE JUST WANTS TO LAND IT
MIDDLE OF THE GREEN.
LANDED LIKE 5:00, 15 YARDS
SHORT.
JIM: YOU HEARD HIS CADDIE, GREG
BODINE.
TONY IS A FAST PLAYER.
NICK: MIGHT HAVE JUST PULLED
THAT ONE.
OH, BOY, IS HE GOING TO BE --
THAT IS MIGHTY CLOSE.
JIM: THAT IS AN UNFORCED ERROR
RIGHT THERE.
NICK: YES.
A STEEP DOWNHILL LIE.
HERE IS TIGER NOW PUNCHING OUT
WHEN IT WAS HIS TURN.
MOLINARI IS SITTING IN THE
CENTER OF THE FAIRWAY.
HE IS GOING TO GO FOR THE RIGHT
HAND TV STATION.
JIM: YOU DON'T WANT TO GO LEFT
HERE, AND HE HAS DONE THE SAME
THING AS FINAU.
NICK: THE SAME.
THAT WAS THE FIRST ONE WHERE
THE BODY DIDN'T HAVE THE TEMPO
OR THE ZIP TO IT.
THE BODY SLOWED DOWN, CHEST
STOPPED MOVING, PULL IT LEFT.
PETER: HARD TO ROTATE FROM THAT
SIDE HILL LIE.
FRANK: WANTS TO KEEP IT LEFT
AND SHORT OF THE POND.
IT WILL STILL BE AWKWARD TO GET
THAT UP AND DOWN.
THE FLAG TODAY CUT VERY CLOSE
TO THE WATER AS WE GO BACK TO
10.
JIM: THE THIRD SHOT COMING UP
HERE FOR TIGER.
NICK: SUDDENLY IT IS LIKE
CHESS.
IF TIGER THROWS IT IN CLOSE
WHERE MOLINARI IS GOING TO MAKE
A FOUR, SUDDENLY HE HAS LOST
THAT ADVANTAGE.
JIM: CHOKING DOWN ON THE GRIP.
WHAT IS THAT PUTT LIKE?
NICK: WELL, YOU SAW WHAT BROOKS
KOEPKA HAD FROM SIX FEET.
IT BROKE A GOOD FOOT.
THAT WILL COME IN SIDEWAYS.
ALL ABOUT THE TOUCH.
JIM: TO 11.
FRANK: AND THAT FLAG IS VERY
CLOSE TO WHERE IT WAS IN 1999.
NICK: A LITTLE FURTHER BACK,
FRANK.
THAT IS PROBABLY WHERE I HIT MY
ERNIE: TO.
THESE GUYS ARE HITTING WEDGES.
FRANK: IT WILL BE A SIMILAR
PUTT.
NICK: A PROBLEMMER GOLFER.
TO 13.
DOTTIE: PATRICK CANTLAY IN
TROUBLE.
THAT IS HEADED TOWARD A LARGE
BUNCH OF PATRONS DOWN THE RIGHT
SIDE.
THAT IS THE 14TH FAIRWAY TO THE
VIEWER'S LEFT.
NICK: THAT WILL STRESS HIS
CADDIE OUT FINDING IT AND
GETTING THAT YARDAGE.
FRANK: THE DOOR OPENED.
SCHAUFFELE, JUST UNDER 160
YARDS, 8-IRON.
JUST HAVE A PUTT.
THAT IS ALL YOU NEED.
OH, IT'S GOING TO BE A LITTLE
BETTER THAN THAT.
VERY, VERY TASTY.
TO 10.
JIM: AND FINAU DOWN HERE TO
PLAY FIRST.
THEN SECOND TO PLAY WILL BE
MOLINARI, HOLE-HIGH LEFT.
NICK: PRETTY GOOD PAIR OF HAND.
JIM: WONDERFUL HANDS.
NICK: GREAT BASKETBALL PLAYER
HANDS.
JIM: ACTUALLY IN HIGH SCHOOL HE
LED THE STATE OF UTAH IN
REBOUNDING.
SO RELIEF COMING.
A LIST FROM THE MASTERS RULES
COMMITTEE HELPING GOVERN THIS
MOMENT.
NICK: AGAIN HE HAS TAKEN RELIEF
FROM THOSE DRAIN HEADS THERE HE
PROBABLY WENT LEFT.
HE TOOK ADVANTAGE GETTING THE
RIGHT ANGLE.
GOING THAT FRACTION FURTHER
LEFT, MAYBE IT WILL GIVE HIM
JUST A FRACTION MORE ROOM TO
WORK WITH.
JIM: QUICKLY TO 11.
FRANK: CAN POULTER GET IT UP
AND DOWN?
A VERY NICE FAIRLY STRAIGHT
PUTT.
BACK TO 10.
NICK: DOESN'T WANT TO OVER PLAY
THIS ONE, JIM, AND COME UP
SHORT.
JIM: REMEMBER, HE WENT HIGH, A
LIFT SHOT -- A DIFFERENT SHOT,
THE LOB.
NICK: HE HAS FIVE YARDS TO WORK
WITH, IS SO THAT IS DOABLE.
JIM: ALMOST.
TALK ABOUT GOOD HANDS.
NICK: GOOD NERVE.
I THINK THE NERVE COMES FIRST.
NOW IT DOES.
JIM: YES, IT DOES.
NICK: THIS IS THE NERVE ZONE
FOR THE NEXT NINE HOLES.
JIM: HE THOUGHT IT HAD A
CHANCE, AND IT DID.
HE HAS LEFT HIMSELF JUST A
LITTLE UPHILL PUTT FOR PAR.
TIGER WILL BE NEXT WITH THAT
SIDE WINDER FOR HIS PAR.
NICK: TIGER HAS TO BE CAREFUL.
HE WOULD OBVIOUSLY
LOUIS: TO MAKE IT.
CANNOT MAKE A RUN AT IT.
HE JUST HAS TO FEED IT DOWN
THERE.
NICK: WELL, HOW SLOW WAS THAT?
VERY SURPRISED.
JIM: AND TIGER BACK TO EVEN FOR
THE DAY.
BACK TO 11 UNDER WITH KOEPKA
AND FINAU, WHO MUST MAKE A PAR
PUTT HERE.
THAT IS HIS THIRD BOGEY OF THE
FINAL ROUND.
TONY WAS ABLE TO GET OFF WITH A
PAR ON THE 9TH.
IT WAS A TRUE ADVENTURE.
THIS WOULD BE ANOTHER
MAGNIFICENT SAVE.
NICK: HE WAS AIMING THERE.
IT WAS JUST THAT LITTLE FURTHER
AROUND THAN BROOKS WAS, A
LITTLE BIT STRAIGHTER.
MISREAD THAT ONE A TOUCH.
JIM: DROPS BACK TO 10 UNDER.
JOINS THE RANKS OF POULTER,
CANTLAY AND SCHAUFFELE.
NICK: I WILL BE VERY INTERESTED
TO SEE WHAT SCHAUFFELE AND
CANTLAY CAN DO ONCE THEY GET
THROUGH THE 15TH HOLE, WHAT
KIND OF NUMBER THEY CAN POST.
THAT LITTLE RUN COMING UP NEXT,
13, 14, 15, AND MAYBE A BIT OF
16 ARE BIRDIE OPPORTUNITIES.
JIM: SCHAUFFELE HAS A GOOD LOOK
AT BIRDIE AT 12 COMING UP.
THE SEVENTH ONE-PUTT GREEN
THROUGH 10 HOLES.
AND A PAR.
13 PUTTS TOTAL THROUGH 10 HOLES
, AND HIS LEAD IS RIGHT BACK
WHERE IT STARTED AT TWO.
LET'S GO TO 11.
NICK: A COUPLE OF THESE SHORT
IRON SHOTS PUTTING BROOKS UNDER
STRESS TODAY, ESPECIALLY THAT
ONE ON 9 AND THAT ONE AT 11.
FRANK: NOW SCHAUFFELE TO GET TO
11 UNDER.
IT WILL BREAK RIGHT AS IT SLOWS
DOWN.
NICK: A LITTLE MORE THAN IT
LOOKS.
LIKE SO.
THAT IS A GOOD 2 1/2 PERCENT OF
SLEPYSHEV IN THAT CORNER GREEN,
AND IT LOOKS PLATE.
FRANK: IT DOES, ESPECIALLY
SINCE THEY REDID THE BACK OF
THAT GREEN LAST YEAR.
BUT, TWO PAR 5'S AHEAD.
YOU WOULD THINK AT LEAST 13
UNDER IS A MARK HE WILL HAVE TO
PUT IN HIS HEAD.
THE FAMOUS 11TH.
THE LOWEST POINT ON THE GOLF
COURSE, SOME 150 FEET BELOW THE
1ST GREEN.
IAN POULTER TRYING TO GET AWAY
HERE WITH FOUR FROM THE TREES
ON THE RIGHT, PUNCHED OUT.
QUICKLY TO 13.
DOTTIE: PATRICK CANTLAY AFTER A
DROP FROM THE LITTLE INTENTIONS
THAT THE SEATS MAKE, USED THE
BACK STOP AS THE BEST WAY TO
PLAY THIS.
HE HAS GONE WAY TO THE UPPER
LEVEL AND IN FACT MISSED THE
GREEN.
DID A GOOD JOB OF SETTING UP
THE ANGLE WITH THE SECOND SHOT
OUT OF THE TREES.
BUT NOT WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING
FOR WITH JUST A FLIP WEDGE.
FRANK: IAN POULTER GIVES IT
AWAY.
HE IS A BETTER PLAYER TEE TO
GREEN NOW THAN HE USED TO BE.
BACK AT THE 11TH TEE, MOLINARI,
REMEMBER HE PLAYED WITH TIGER
WOODS AT CARNOUSTIE, BUT THAT
IS WAS IN EUROPE.
TODAY HE PLAYS WOODS IN WHAT IS
WOODS' ADOPTED BACKYARD.
WILL IT MAKE A DIFFERENCE?
NICK: THAT IS GOING TO BE A
LITTLE TIGHT, ISN'T IT, FRANK?
FRANK: YES.
A LITTLE KICK LEFT MIGHT HAVE
HELPED.
NICK: A COUPLE OF OVERHANGING
BRANCHES AROUND THE CORNER.
NICK: THAT BREEZE IS STARTING
TO FRESHEN.
HOPEFULLY THAT STORM CONTINUES
TO STAY AWAY FOR ANOTHER COUPLE
OF HOURS.
NICK: GOOD CALL, FRANK.
IT IS SERIOUSLY FRESHENING, AND
IT HAS JUST TURNED.
IT IS ACTUALLY HARD
LEFT-TO-RIGHT RIGHT NOW ON THIS
TEE SHOT.
THEY CAN'T FEEL IT DOWN THERE.
FRANK: THAT IS DICEY.
HIT SOMETHING.
NICK: HE HAS GONE INTO THE
GULLEY AGAIN.
GOING TO THE RIGHT?
FRANK: IT KICKED FORWARD.
NICK: OH, BOY.
FRANK: MOLINARI 13 UNDER,
WOODS, 11, KOEPKA, 11 AND NOW
FINAU AT 10.
THAT WILL MAKE THE HOLE A
LITTLE LONGER, BUT HE WILL BE
FINE.
THINGS JUST STARTING TO TIGHTEN
UP.
ALL THE WAY DOWN, KOEPKA.
FOUR-FOOTER IS JUST AS
IMPORTANT RIGHT NOW.
WELL DONE.
SO AMEN CORNER, AND WE HAVE NO
EARTHLY IDEA WHAT IS GOING TO
HAPPEN.
FRANK: WE ARE BACK.
KOEPKA AFTER A VERY, VERY LONG
WAIT, 9-IRON.
A FLAG YOU DON'T REALLY WANT TO
GO AT.
BREEZE OFF TO THE LEFT AND
SLIGHTLY INTO YOU.
WELL, THAT COST SPIETH BACK IN
2016.
IT MIGHT HAVE JUST COST KOEPKA
TODAY.
IF YOU ARE IN BETWEEN CLUBS,
THIS IS A STRETCH THAT WILL GET
YOU EACH AND EVERY TIME.
NICK: DO YOU THINK THAT
FRESHENING WIND CAUGHT HIM OUT
THERE?
FRANK: YES.
THE FLAGS ARE STARTING TO GO IN
DIFFERENT DREGGSES.
NICK: IT HAS DEFINITELY GOTTEN
STRONGER FROM LEFT-TO-RIGHT.
FRANK: TO 13.
DOTTIE: PATRICK CANTLAY FOR
BIRDIE.
WHEN IT GETS DOWN AROUND THE
HOLE, IT GETS PRETTY FLAT AND
PRETTY SLOW.
THEY CUT IT THIS MORNING, AND I
WAS SURPRISED.
THERE IS ANOTHER.
PAR 5'S HAVE JUST NOT BEEN HIS
STRENGTH THIS WEEK.
JIM: FINISHING UP, VICTOR FROM
OKLAHOMA STATE, THE U.S.
AMATEUR CHAMPION FROM PEBBLE
BEACH.
FIRST NORWEGIAN TO EVER PLAY IN
THE MASTERS.
LET'S GO TO 15.
PETER: BUBBA WATSON, 184 YARDS
LEFT.
A PITCHING WEDGE.
AND BUBBA WATSON HITS IT INSIDE
OF FOUR FEET.
HE HAS THAT TO GO TO MINUS 10.
BACK TO 11.
FRANK: YOU SEE THE HOLE
LOCATION A FEW PACES FROM THE
LEFT SIDE.
MOLINARI DOWN THE PLAYER'S
RIGHT SIDE.
NICK YOU ARE FRONT.
THE LIMBS IN FRONT ARE GOING TO
CAUSE A PROBLEM HERE FOR
MOLINARI.
NICK: A TOUGH DECISION TO TAKE
THIS ON.
HE HAS TO GO WITH A LOW CHIPPY
FADE OUT TO THE RIGHT FOR
SAFETY.
HE WENT FOR IT.
FRANK: A VERY NARROW GAP.
NICK: THAT KICK, CAREFUL.
WOW, THAT WAS A FANTASTIC --
THAT WAS BRAVE.
YOU HAVE TO MAN UP, MAKE THE
DECISION.
SEE HOW HE ROTATES THE FACE
THROUGH THE BALL TO HIT A
LITTLE SLICE.
GUTSY SHOT THERE.
FRANK: YOU SEE THE BIG MOUNDS
ON THE LEFT OF YOUR SCREEN.
THEY OFTEN KICK THAT BALL HARD
TOWARDS THE POND.
THERE SHOULD BE 190 YARDS LEFT
FOR FINAU.
SOUNDED LIKE A CLEAN STRIKE.
FINE SHOT, RIGHT DISTANCE.
LOOK AT WOODS SHOT.
NICK: JUST DOESN'T WANT TO OVER
HOOK IT, WHICH I DOWN HE WOULD
DO WITH THAT CHURCHY LIE --
CRUNCHY LIE.
FRANK: THERE IS ENOUGH GREEN ON
THE RIGHT SIDE, AND THE BREEZE
IS COMING FROM HIS LEFT.
SOMEWHERE JUST AROUND TONY
FINAU'S BALL, HE WOULD
CERTAINLY TAKE IT.
HE IS TURNING IT BACK INTO THE
BREEZE.
OH, EXCELLENT SHOT A LITTLE
GROUND ROLL AS WELL, THAT FROM
182 YARDS.
IT APPEARS QUIET DOWN AT 12.
POULTER.
TOOK ONE MORE CLUB THAN KOEPKA.
GETS THE SAME RESULT.
TWO OF THE GAME'S BEST.
KOEPKA AND POULTER, WET.
TO 9.
JIM: WHAT A FINE PERFORMANCE
HERE.
SHOOTS 71 TODAY.
LOOK AT THOSE ROUNDS, 72, 71,
71, 71.
THREE UNDER.
TIED FOR 33RD.
THERE IS STILL OTIZ, THE LATIN
AMERICAN AMATEUR CHAMPION, HAS
THREE HOLES TO PLAY.
HE WILL PLAY 7, 8 AND 9.
OWE HAS WON THE HONOR FOR LOW
AMATEUR.
CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL FOUR.
THE MOST TO QUALIFY SINCE 1999.
FOUR AMATEURS TO THE WEEKEND.
THE TURN OF EVENTS HERE WITH
HORLTE AND KOEPKA UP AHEAD IN
THE WATER AT 12.
FRANK: AMAZING HOW QUICKLY IT
HAS CHANGED IN THE MATTER OF A
FEW MEMBERS.
I GUESS WATER WILL PUT OUT ANY
FIRE FOR SURE.
NEITHER HAS ELECTLED TO USE THE
DROP SEASON.
INSTEAD, GONE ALL THE WAY DOWN
AND GETTING A BETTER ANGLE.
THERE IS JUST A BETTER PLACE.
THE DROP ZONE IS AN AWKWARD
YARDAGE, 65 YARDS.
NOT MUCH THAT THE PLAYERS
PRACTICE.
HE WILL TRY TO LAND THIS A YARD
OR TWO OR THE FRONT, SKIP
FORWARD AND STICK.
MOST OF THE PLAYERS CARRYING
60-PLUS DEGREES NOW, MAKING
THIS SHOT A LITTLE EASIER.
NOT TOO BAD.
NOW BACK TO 11 AFTER THAT
EXQUISITE SHOT FROM MOLINARI.
I DARE SAY YOU WOULD TAKE FOUR
AT 11 TODAY.
KOEPKA BACK AT 12, SIMILAR SHOT
TO POULTER.
ALMOST THE SAME RESULT.
SO THEY BOTH HAVE A CHANCE TO
PERHAPS JUST DROP ONE SHOT.
KOEPKA, REMEMBER, ALREADY TWO
BACK.
THEY USE TWO TEES TODAY.
BILL: ORTIZ, WHO WON THE LATIN
AMERICA AMATEUR CHAMPIONSHIP
WITH A CHANCE TO SHARE THE LEAD
IF THAT HAD GONE IN, FOR LOW
AMATEUR.
OUT IN 33, ORTIZ.
FIRST TIME IN A MAJOR.
BACK TO 11.
FRANK: FINAU'S PUTT SORT OF
EASES ITS WAY DOWN THE HILL AND
STARTS TO TURN LEFT AS IT SLOWS
DOWN.
IT IS VERY QUICK PAST THE HOLE.
RIGHT IN THE JAWS.
TO 15.
BILL: JASON DAY, A PUTT TO GET
TO MINUS 10.
YOU NEVER KNOW.
PICK UP ONE OR TWO MORE, POST
12 UNDER.
YOU NEVER KNOW WHAT HAPPENS ON
THE SECOND NINE OF A SUNDAY AT
THE MASTERS.
BUBBA TAMPING DOWN SOME SPIKE
MARKS.
HE HAS THIS FOR EAGLE TO GET TO
MINUS 10.
ALL KINDS OF SCORES HERE AT 15
TODAY, FROM THREE TO EIGHT.
THAT'S A THREE.
BUBBA WATSON REMAINS BOGEY-FREE
FOR THE DAY, 10 UNDER PAR, FOUR
UNDER THE LAST THREE.
SPECIAL STUFF.
LET'S GO BACK TO 11.
FRANK: AND NOW WOODS, JUST
STRAIGHT DOWN THE HILL.
IT IS LIKE GLASS THERE TODAY.
THEY OPENED THE GATES UP AT
7:15 THIS MORNING.
OBSERVATION STANDS TOOK NO TIME
TO FILL.
CHEERS CAME OUT.
IT LOOKS RIGHT NOW LIKE ANY
OTHER MASTERS SUNDAY.
WOODS TRYING FOR HIS FOURTH
GREEN JACKET.
TO 12, AND KOEPKA NOW.
TO GET AWAY WITH FOUR.
SO A DOUBLE FOR KOEPKA.
NICK: ALL THAT POWER, FRANK,
AND IT IS THE 150-YARDER THAT
DOES HIM IN.
FRANK: TAKING A FOUR THERE AT
11.
HE WILL HAVE TO DRIVE IT A
LITTLE STRAIGHTER THOUGH IN THE
REMAINING HOLES.
THAT FIRST PUTT FROM MOLINARI
COULD HAVE GONE IN.
ONLY 250 GOLF COURSES IN ITALY.
NICK: WHEN HE WAS AT SCHOOL, I
THINK HIS PROCEDURE WERE ONLY
THERE TO PRACTICE ON WEDNESDAYS
AND SATURDAYS.
FRANK: YES.
SOCCER IS THE BIG SPORT THERE.
THAT MIGHT JUST CHANGE.
WHILE THAT WAS HAPPENING ON THE
OTHER SIDE OF RAY'S CREEK,
POULTER, LIKE KOEPKA, A SWING
AND A MISS.
AND YOU NORMALLY WALK AWAY WITH
FIVE.
TWO SHOTS, SEVEN TO PLAY.
THIS IS JUST THE MID POINT OF
AMEN CORNER.
THIS IS ALSO WHERE YOU FEEL IT.
THE PATRONS GET THERE.
YOU GET THAT EXTRA BOOST OF
ENERGY.
YOU SEE THE FAMED BRIDGES ON
EITHER SIDE.
IT IS THE SPOT.
NICK: THE MOST IMPORTANT THING
IS YOUR DECISION.
IF YOU ARE FEELING GREAT AND
YOU WANT TO GO FOR THE FLAG,
YOU HAVE YOUR NUMBERS.
IF YOU WANT TO BAIL OUT, YOU
HAVE TO USE ANOTHER NUMBER,
JUST A COUPLE LESS.
158 TODAY, 155 WOULD BE A GREAT
CARRY GOING 15 FEET LEFT.
THAT IS THE IMPORTANT THING.
THEN YOU'VE OBVIOUSLY GOT TO
STICK WITH THAT DECISION THAT
YOU ARE GOING A LITTLE LEFT,
AIM FOR THAT SPOT AND GO FOR
IT.
IF YOU THEN PULL IT, YOU WILL
BE LONG.
YOU HAVE EVERYTHING IN YOUR
MIND HERE.
YOU KNOW DORN WELL IF YOU PULL
IT, YOU ARE LONG INTO THE
BUNKER AND MIS-HIT IT A
FRACTION LIKE THE TWO IN FRONT
OF HIM, IT'S IN THE WATER.
FRANK: NOT A GOOD PLACE TO WAIT
THOUGH.
NICK: I AGREE, FRANK.
YOU LOOK THE OTHER WAY, HAVE A
CHAT.
FRANK: LIKE A CAT ON A TO THE
TIN ROOF.
NICK: NOW THEY WANT TO DOUBLE
CHECK THE WIND.
I THINK THAT IS WHAT CAUGHT THE
OTHER GUYS.
EVEN THAT FLAG IS NOT MOVE.
THE WATER IS NOT EVEN MOVING.
THAT LITTLE DRAW SHOULD WORK
NICELY FOR HIM.
THREE YARDS LEFT OF THE FLAG,
HIT A DRAW INTO SAFETY.
I THINK HE WOULD TAKE THAT.
FRANK: ONE THING IN HIS FAVOR,
HE TENDS TO SWEEP HIS SHORT
IRONS.
DOESN'T SEND THE BALL UP TOO
HIGH, JUST A NICE FLIGHT.
NICK: YES.
SPLIT THE GAP BETWEEN THE FLAG
AND THE RIGHT EDGE OF THAT BACK
BUNKER.
FRAN: HE MADE TWO HERE
YESTERDAY.
NICK: THAT WAS SO WEAK.
THAT BALL DIDN'T EVEN LOOK LIKE
IT WAS FLYING.
FRANK: THAT DOOR HAS FLOWN OPEN
NOW.
NOT JUST FOR WOODS.
NICK: YES.
BACK TO SCHAUFFELE AND CANTLAY,
EVEN BUBBA.
THEY ALL KNOW IT NOW.
GET IN THE CLOSE AND POST A
SCORE.
FRANK: NORMAN IN 1996, SPIETH
IN 2016.
NOW CAN WOODS TAKE ADVANTAGE?
NICK: THAT WAS SAFE, THAT ONE.
THAT IS WHAT BIG JACK WOULD
SAY.
IF IN DOUBT, YOU GO IN BETWEEN
THE TWO BUNKERS.
FRANK: KOEPKA, POULTER,
MOLINARI, WET.
WOODS DRY.
NOW FINAU.
GET THROUGH THIS AND THE PAR
5'S, HE REALLY HAS AN
OPPORTUNITY WITH HIS POWER.
FIRST CLUBS HIS FATHER BOUGHT,
75 CENTS EACH FROM THE
SALVATION ARMY.
HE KNOWS WHAT TOUGH TIMES ARE
LIKE.
JUST A LITTLE 8-IRON FOR FINAU.
UNBELIEVABLE.
NICK: WHAT ARE THEY MISJUDGING?
NOTHING IS MOVING AT THE FLAG
OR THE WATER, AND THEY HAVE
COME UP SHORT, WAY SHORT.
FRANK: FOUR OF THE LAST FIVE
PLAYERS.
NICK: THEY HAVE MISSED THEIR
LANDING SPOT BY 10 YARDS.
LOVELY SWING, ONLINE, BUT IT
CAME OUT SO SOFT.
IT DIDN'T HAVE ANY GO IN IT,
THAT BALL.
FRANK: THAT IS 12 YARDS SHORT
HIS LANDING POINT.
FINAU USED THE OTHER SIDE OF
THE TEE LIKE HE WAS GOING TO
RIDE THE BREEZE.
NICK: THAT WAS A GOOD SWING.
HE HIT THE WIND BALL.
FRANK: THE BANK REBOUNDS
ANOTHER.
TIGER WOODS WENT WITH THE
NICKLAUS STRATEGY OVER THE
CENTRAL BUNKER.
NICK: ABSOLUTELY.
IF YOU ARE IN DOWN AND YOU HAVE
TO CLEAR THE PICTURE OF WHAT
YOU HAVE JUST SEEN FROM YOUR
FELLOW COMPETITORS, THAT WAS A
VERY SMART MOVE FROM TIGER JUST
IN CASE.
THERE IS NOTHING WRONG WITH
TONY'S SHOT.
IT WAS WELL COMMITTED, AND IT
JUST DIDN'T FLY.
AMEN CORNER, THE GOLFING GODS,
THE SWIRLING BREEZES HAVE
BITTEN THEM HARD.
FRANK: TO 14.
BILL: PATRICK CANTLAY FOR
BIRDIE.
HAVING ANOTHER OUTSTANDING DAY.
THAT STAYS TO THE RIGHT.
SO IT WILL BE PAR FOR CANTLAY.
HE WILL STAY AT 10 UNDER.
BACK TO THE 12TH.
FRANK: WOODS WILL DEFINITELY GO
UP A MARK AND PUT HIS STAKE IN
THE FIRST ROUND.
BACK TO THE OTHER TWO.
NOW YOU'VE GOT TO CALM YOUR
MIND.
WHILE WE WAIT, WE WILL GO TO 13
AND SCHAUFFELE ON THE MOVE.
DOTTIE: AFTER AN ENORMOUS TEE
SHOT, 155 YARDS LEFT FOR XANDER
SCHAUFFELE.
IT DID EXACTLY AS HE ASKED,
LANDED SOFTLY.
ONE OF THOSE GUYS THAT CAN
BENEFIT FROM ALL THAT BAD STUFF
GOING ON AT 12.
TO 16.
VERNE: OUT OF THE BUNKER, BUBBA
WATSON.
NOW WATCH.
IT WENT.
BUBBA OFF THE EAGLE AT 15.
WE ARE BACK AT 12.
NICK: A LOT NERVE.
I HAVE DONE MY BREATHING
EXERCISES UP HERE, FRANK.
FRANK: MOLINARI NORMALLY A
WONDERFUL PITCHER OF BALL.
THIS HAS GOT TO BE HIT CLEAN
HERE.
NOT BAD.
HE PUTTER HAS GOT HIM OUT OF
TROUBLE SO FAR TODAY.
NOW FINAU, HIS TEE SHOT WENT ON
A SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT ANGLE, SO
HE HAS TAKEN THAT POINT COMING
BACK IN LINE.
WE GO TO 16.
VERNE: JASON DAY FOR BIRDIE.
BACK TO 12.
FRANK: HE HAS FOUND HIS POINT,
TRYING TO IMPROVE THE ANGLE.
YOU HAVE THAT ONE CLUB LENGTH
SEMI-CIRCLE.
IF HE DROPS THAT ON THE EXTREME
LEFT SIDE OF IT, HE WILL HAVE A
SLIGHTLY BETTER ANGLE.
WHILE HE DROPS, AS YOU CAN SEE,
JASON DAY DID TAP IN.
HE HAS TO TELL HIMSELF THERE IS
TIME, ENOUGH HOLES AHEAD.
THAT IS REALLY GOOD.
A SHAKE OF THE HEAD FOR GOOD
REASON.
ONCE AGAIN TO THE 9TH HOLE.
JIM: AND THIS IS THE LAST HOLE
OF THE TOURNAMENT FOR MCILROY.
FOR BIRDIE.
THIS IS HIS LAST MAJOR IN HIS
20'S.
HE WILL TURN 30 ON MAY 4TH.
THE PGA CHAMPIONSHIP MOVES TO
MAY, MAY 16TH THROUGH THE 19TH.
68 TODAY FOR RORY, FIVE UNDER
PAR.
THAT IS TIED FOR 21ST.
LET'S GO TO 13.
DOTTIE: AND AN EAGLE ATTEMPT
FOR XANDER SCHAUFFELE.
THE RAINDROPS START TO FALL
HERE A LITTLE BIT.
THE WIND IS SWIRLING.
HE HAS MADE THREE FOURS HERE
ALREADY THIS WEEK.
THIS TO GET TO 12 UNDER.
STAYS HIGH, BUT SHOULD GET HIM
TO 11.
BUBBA DID MAKE PAR AT 16.
REMARKABLY FLAT AROUND THAT
HOLE, NICK.
NICK: THEY ALL HAD THEIR
CHANCE.
A GOOD PERCENT EVERYWHERE.
IF YOU GET THE RIGHT ANGLE,
THEN IT IS EXTREMELY FLAT.
FRANK: BUBBA WATSON RIGHT IN
THIS, LOOKING FOR HIS THIRD
GREEN JACKET.
HE MAY BE ON 15 IT IS SO WIDE.
HE HAS A TREMENDOUS ABILITY TO
FOCUS WHEN THE HEAT IS ON.
BACK OVER TO 12.
A LONG PUTT FOR TIGER WOODS.
MORE THAN 50 FEET.
PUTTING FROM THE LOWER LEVEL OF
12.
IT HAS TO CREST THE RIDGE, A
LITTLE UPHILL.
TOUGH TO GET THE SPEED RIGHT
HERE AND TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE
SITUATION.
NICK: WOW, EVEN TIGER THOUGHT
ABOUT THAT ONE, FRANK.
FRANK: YES.
NICK: YOU'VE GOT TO HIT IT SO
FAR LEFT, IT IS ACTUALLY UPHILL
ALL THE WAY BEFORE IT THEN
BREAKS TO THE RIGHT.
FRANK: NOW IT IS ALMOST MATCH
PLAY BECAUSE MOLINARI STILL HAS
A PUTT FOR BOGEY.
DOTTIE: JUST TO CLEAN UP FOR
HIS BIRDIE.
NO IDEA WHAT IS HAPPENING
BEHIND HIM.
THE LEERED BOARD BEHIND THE
14TH TEE WILL NOT LIKELY UPDATE
BEFORE HE HAS TO HIT THAT TEE
SHOT.
FRANK: MOLINARI WILL STALK THAT
.
THIS WAS MOLINARI'S TEE SHOT.
A LOT OF PATRONS ON HIS SIDE
COULD NOT BELIEVE THAT MISTAKE
AT THAT TIME.
BUT A LITTLE BIT OF A REPRIEVE
HERE.
CAN HE GET IN WITH FOUR?
COME AWAY UNSCATHED.
OH.
AND EVERYBODY WILL SEE THAT
LEADERBOARD CHANGE.
THREE TIED AT THE TOP.
WOODS STILL HAS A DIFFICULT PAR
PUTT.
FOR THE FIRST TIME ALL WEEK,
PERHAPS GET A PIECE OF THE
LEAD.
NICK: WE HAVE SEVEN GUYS WELL
AND TRULY IN THIS.
THREE AND 11, FOUR AT 10.
THESE ALL HAVE GOT THE PAR 5'S
TO PLAY.
BUBBA HAS NOW RUN OUT OF PAR
5'S.
FRANK: HE HAS TO HIT THIS
SOLID.
HE WILL START IT OUTSIDE THE
HOLE.
NICK: IT IS KIND OF SLOW.
YOU HAVE TO STAND UP AND CRUNCH
THIS.
FRANK: HE HIT IT FIX, TOO.
WHO WOULD HAVE THOUGHT?
GAME ON.
TO 167.
VERNE: WELL, THIS WAS A MOMENT
AGO.
WE HAVE HAD SOME FUN HERE.
JON RAHM, 8-IRON.
ALL THAT GOING ON BACK AT 12,
WATCH THE CARNIVAL RIDE HERE.
THAT WAS PRETTY GOOD, DON'T YOU
THINK?
AND THEN UP STEPS JUSTIN
THOMAS.
8-IRON.
THAT IS THE SECOND TODAY.
BRYSON DECHAMBEAU HAD ONE WITH
A 7-IRON.
WE WILL GO BACK TO 12.
FRANK: VETERAN, YOU GET THE FUN
AT 16, AND WE GET THE PAIN AT
12.
NICK: YOU GET THE TRAGEDIES AT
INCREDIBLE.
FRANK: IT IS NOT FINISHED.
NICK: NO.
JUST AS THE RAINS REALLY START
TO COME DOWN.
WOW.
FRANK: TO 15.
PETER: WHILE ALL OF THAT WAS
GOING ON, PATRICK CANTLAY HAD A
7-IRON FROM 208 YARDS.
NICK: I TELL YOU, TRUST YOUR
DRAW, PETER.
PETER: NOT ONLY THAT, NICK, HE
HAS THAT PUTT TO TAKE THE
OUTRIGHT LEAD.
PATRICK CANTLAY WITH A VERY
MAKEABLE EAGLE PUTT AT 15 TO
GET TO MINUS 12.
NICK: IT IS WHAT WE THOUGHT.
SO MUCH ATTENTION ON THE
LEADERS, AND NOBODY IS GOING TO
GET A CHANCE TO POST A SCORE TO
SCARE THEM.
DOTTIE: UMBRELLAS UP.
PRETTY STEADY RAIN STARTING TO
FALL.
TIGER ON THE TEE AT 13.
MISSED LEFT HERE YESTERDAY.
YOU HEAR HIM SAY HE THOUGHT HIS
RIGHT FOOT SLIPPED.
GOT AWAY WITH IT.
IT IS IN IDEAL POSITION.
RAHM TAPPED IN AT 16.
IT HAS BEEN THE TEE SHOT AT 13
THAT HAVE GIVEN THE PLAYERS A
FIT TODAY, LESS THAN HALF THE
PLAYERS IN THE FIELD HITTING
THE FAIRWAY.
NICK: IT SHOULD REALLY BE A
TOUCH EASIER WITH A
RIGHT-TO-LEFT WIND.
DOTTIE: YOU WOULD THINK.
THERE HAS BEEN A LET OF TRAFFIC
UP IN THE TREES TO THE RIGHT.
IF ANYTHING, LIKES TO TURN IT
OVER JUST A BIT FROM
RIGHT-TO-LEFT.
SHOULD BE A GOOD FIT FOR HIS
EYE.
FLATTER BALL FLIGHT.
THIS MAY ACTUALLY CHASE A
LITTLE.
DID JUST THAT.
NICK: EXCELLENT, WASN'T IT?
DOTTIE: WELL, LET'S TAKE A
LOOK.
AS TIME HAS PASSED TODAY, AT
THE START OF THE DAY, MOLINARI
WITH A TWO-SHOT LEAD.
11:00 EASTERN TIME, MOLINARI
WITH A THREE-SHOT LEAD.
18 MINUTES LATER, A ONE-SHOT
LEAD.
11:40, STILL ONE.
AND NOW LOOK WHAT HAS HAPPENED.
SIX PLAYERS, THREE TIED FOR THE
LEAD AND THREE RIGHT ON THEIR
HEELS, FOUR ON THEIR HEELS.
PETER: PATRICK CANTLAY AT 15,
THIS TO TAKE THE LEAD.
HAS ALREADY SEEN THE PUTT FROM
ADAM SCOTT ON THE SAME LINE.
PATRICK CANTLAY MAKES THE CUT
ON PLUS TWO.
SINCE THEN, 13 BIRDIES, ONE
EAGLE, ONE BOGEY, AND HE IS
YOUR LEADER.
MINUS 12.
WOW, SOME SPECIAL GOLF ON THE
WEEKEND HERE.
YOU NEVER KNOW WHAT IS GOING TO
HAPPEN HERE.
FRANK: THAT IS FOR SURE, PETER
AS WE WATCH JASON DAY.
TROUBLE OFF THE TEE, SECOND
SHOT WELL SHORT RIGHT, AND A
BEAUTIFUL PITCH TO ABOUT FOUR
FEET.
THE 15TH HOLE YESTERDAY
DESTROYED HIS CHANCES.
HE MADE A DOUBLE BOGEY THERE.
BILL: XANDER SCHAUFFELE AT 14.
HE HAS HEARD THE ROARS.
HE MAY NOT KNOW HOW MUCH THINGS
HAVE CHANGE THE IN THE LAST 10
MINUTES.
NICK: ONE OF THE EASIER HOLE
LOCATIONS ON THE BACK NINE.
THEY HAVE A CHANCE AT 14.
BILL: A CHANCE TO JOIN CANTLAY
AT 12 UNDER, THE 25-YEAR-OLD
FROM CALIFORNIA.
LOOK AT HOW THINGS STAND NOW.
PATRICK CANTLAY, BARELY MADE IT
TO THE WEEKEND, SHOOTS 64
YESTERDAY, AND CONTINUES HIS
OUTSTANDING PLAY TODAY, AND HE
LEADS BY ONE.
TO 13.
DOTTIE: BROOKS KOEPKA TRYING TO
GET THAT DOUBLE RIGHT BACK, AND
DOES.
THERE IS SOME EMOTION.
NICK: WHAT A DOUBLE BOUNCE
BACK?
DOTTIE: YES.
NICK: WE NEED A BETTER WORD.
THAT IS FANTASTIC.
AMAZING THEY CAN DO THAT.
WHAT DETERMINATION.
IT REFOCUSES YOU LIKE YOU CAN'T
BELIEVE.
HERE WE GO, BACK IN IT.
DOTTIE: YOU DON'T SEE IT OFTEN.
WHEN YOU DO, YOU KNOW HE MEANS
IT.
FRANK: THAT MIGHT BE THE
BIGGEST FIST, TOO.
DOTTIE: CORRECT.
THIS IS THE FIRST TIME OUT HERE
ALL AFTERNOON THE ENERGY HAS
COME TO THE 13TH.
WHAT A WAY TO GET IT STARTED.
TIGER BACK IN THE FAIRWAY SAW
EVERY INCH OF THAT PUTT.
TO 17.
FRANK: BOTH BUBBA WATSON, WHO
NEEDS THIS FOR PAR, AND JASON
DAY NEEDS HIS PAR, MUST MAKE
THEM AND THEN BIRDIE THE LAST,
YOU WOULD THINK.
HE HIT A BEAUTIFUL LITTLE
PITCH, TOO.
TROUBLE OFF THE TEE, SECOND
SHOT LONG LEFT, BUT THAT IS A
BOGEY.
VERNE: CANTLAY, NO WIND ALL OF
A SUDDEN.
8-IRON.
WHAT A MISFIRE.
NICK: RAY FLOYD HIT IT UP THERE
MOONS AGO.
MANAGED TO TWO-PUTT IT.
50-FOOT PUTT, 30 FEET OF BREAK.
VERNE: AND A LOT OF IT
DOWNHILL.
BEST COMEBACKS IN MASTERS
HISTORY, GO ALL THE WAY BACK TO
JACKIE BURKE AND GARY PLAYER.
FALDO FALDO HAD A -- NICK FALDO
HAD A COUPLE IN 1996 AND IN
1989.
TWO OF HIS VICTORIES.
TO 14.
FRANK: KOEPKA.
NICK: SUDDENLY LOSES A FEW TO
THE RIGHT.
FRANK: YES.
BILL: THAT IS NEAR THAT SECOND
CUT.
THE RAIN HAS LET UP.
UP AHEAD ON THE GREEN,
SCHAUFFELE.
THIS TO SHARE THE LEAD WITH
PATRICK CANTLAY.
BACK-TO-BACK BIRDIES AND HE IS
12 UNDER.
DOTTIE: THE SECOND AWAY FOR
MOLINARI.
HANGS ON.
NICK: THAT LANDED RIGHT ON THE
EDGE.
DOTTIE: THAT JUST RUN FORCES
HOW SOFT IT IS OUT HERE.
-- THAT JUST REINFORCES HOW
SOFT IT IS OUT HERE.
MOST OF THE TIME THE SHOULDER
REPEL THE THINGS FIVE, SIX
YARDS.
FRANK: JASON DAY FOR PAR TO
REMAIN 10 UNDER.
MUST BIRDIE THE LAST TO AT
LEAST GET TO 11, ONE WOULD
THING.
DOTTIE: AND THE FOUR-TIME
CHAMPION HAS 161 TO THE HOLE.
155 TO THE FRONT.
HE IS LOOKING FOR MORE, BUT IT
IS SAFE.
HE WILL FACE THAT PUTT THAT IS
MANY PLAYERS HAVE LEFT SHORT
TODAY.
MOLINARI WILL HAVE HIS OWN LOOK
AT A THREE.
AS JIM SAID, THESE INTO HAVE
DRAWN EACH OTHER IN RYDER CUPS
TWICE, WITH TIGER WINNING IN
2010 CONVINCINGLY, THEN THEY
HALVED AT MEDINAH.
TO 18.
JAMAICA DAY ON THE TEE.
HE IS AT 10 UNDER PAR.
NICK: OUR FIRST LOOK AT 18
TODAY.
TRADITIONAL HOLE LOCATION,
FRONT LEFT CORNER.
JIM: EXCELLENT DRIVE, AND JASON
CAN ATTACK FROM THERE.
NICK: THAT WAS AN EXCELLENT
DRIVE.
IT IS A HARD RIGHT-TO-LEFT WIND
AND THEY ARE TRYING TO FADE IT.
SEND IT DOWN THE TREE LINE ON
THE RIGHT.
BUNKERS ON THE LEFT START AT
285.
TURN THE CORNER, FLAG IN
TRADITIONAL POSITION.
PLENTY OF OPPORTUNITY,
ESPECIALLY WITH A RIGHT-TO-LEFT
WIND.
A BIT AFTER FALSE FRONT.
YOU KNOW ABOUT THE BACK STOP
BEHIND THE CLOCK.
IT IS RIGHT IN THE CORNER.
WE WILL SEE, THERE IT IS, RIGHT
TO THE 18TH HOLE GUARANTEED.
JIM: AS IF THERE HASN'T BEEN
ENOUGH ALREADY.
WE KNOW MORE IS TO COME.
A WHOLE LOT MORE, AT A NEW
LEVEL.
OVER AT 9, ORTIZ FOR PAR.
THAT WAS TO TIE FOR LOW
AMATEUR.
THAT IS GOING TO GIVE HOVLAND
THE CIZIKAS OF BEING THE LOW
AMATEUR FOR 2019 -- THE
DISTINGS OF BEING THE LOW
AMATEUR FOR 2019.
FROM GUADALAJARA, MEXICO.
HE IS GOING TO TURN PRO
TOMORROW, A FORMER ARKANSAS
GOLFER.
AND HOVLAND WILL BE IN BUTLER
CABIN TO BE RECOGNIZED FOR HIS
GREAT PLAY.
NICK: PATRICK CANTLAY.
WONDERFUL ANGLE.
SPLIT THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN
THE FLAG AND THE CORNER OF YOUR
SCREEN, THAT IS WHERE HE IS
AIMING.
WE HAVE SEEN THE HOLE IN ONE
ROUTE.
PROBABLY NOT HIGH ENOUGH,
VETERAN.
VERNE: NO.
NICK: TOUGH TOE JUDGE THAT, HIT
THAT FIRM INTO THE HILL BEFORE
IT TURNS.
VERNE: SO HE WILL HAVE THAT
MUCH LEFT, I WOULD THINK TOE
MAINTAIN THE LEAD.
TO 15.
PETER: ON THE TEE, XANDER
SCHAUFFELE.
A COUPLE OF BIRDIES AND A BOGEY
SO FAR THIS WEEK.
THAT IS GOING TO HAVE TO GET A
FORTUITOUS BOUNCE, AND IT DOES
NOT.
IT CATCHES EITHER A TREE OR A
PATRON, AND HE WILL BE ON THE
PINE STRAW.
BACK TO 13.
DOTTIE: LATE DECISION FOR
MOLINARI TO PULL THE FLAG
STICK, BUT I THINK A BIG
ADVANTAGE FOR BOTH HIM AND
TIGER WOODS IS THAT THEY HAVE
SEEN TONY FINAU PUTT FROM JUST
OFF THE PUTTING SURFACE.
CAME UP SHORT AS SO MANY OTHERS
ON NEARLY THE SAME LINE.
BIG ADVANTAGE.
[CAPTIONING FUNDED BY CBS
SPORTS DIVISION]
[CAPTIONING PERFORMED BY THE
NATIONAL CAPTIONING INSTITUTE,
WHICH IS RESPONSIBLE FOR ITS
CAPTION CONTENT AND ACCURACY.
VISIT NCICAP.ORG]
ADD ANOTHER TO A VERY LONG LIST
TODAY.
TO 14.
BILL: KOEPKA FROM 143.
IT WILL STAY ON.
MIDWAY POINT OF THE SECOND NINE
ON SUNDAY.
TO 13.
DOTTIE: AND TIGER WOODS.
TO 16.
VERNE: CANTLAY FOR PAR.
NICK: AFTER ALTHOUGH FUN PUTTS
IN TWO DAYS, THE MOST IMPORTANT
ONE.
JUST HAD TO HIT IT.
VERNE: BACK TO 13.
DOTTIE: IT WOULD BE HIS FIFTH
EAGLE.
IN HIS CAREER HERE.
HE JUST CAN'T BELIEVE IT, NICK.
FLAT AND SLOW.
NICK: BUT, MORE THAN LIKELY A
FOUR.
DOTTIE: YES.
SORT OF STRESSLESS.
BOTH OF THEM, MOLINARI AND
WOODS, PRETTY STOIC, EVEN
THROUGH THE HIGHS AND LOWS.
REALLY STEADY.
FINAU FOR BIRDIE.
HE HAS STILL GOT ACTION.
TIGER FOR BIRDIE.
AND THAT IS A DOZEN UNDER.
CO-LEADER.
SCHAUFFELE WITH A BIRDIE PUTT
AT 14.
AND ANOTHER JOINS THE GROUP.
GOOD BOUNCE-BACK FROM MOLINARI.
PETER: OVER TO THE 15TH GREEN.
THAT IS RICKIE FOWLER FOR
EAGLE.
THAT GRAPHIC WAS WRONG.
THAT WAS FOR BIRDIE.
THREE IN A ROW FOR RICKIE, AND
HE GETS TO MINUS 10, TWO SHOTS
BEHIND OUR LEADERS.
NICK: JASON DAY COMING UP TO
18.
OUR FIRST CHANCE TO SEE HOW
THIS GREEN IS REACTING.
SUPER DRIVE, JUST A WEDGE.
JIM: A BIRDIE IS MUST TO HAVE
ANY CHANCE, AND THOSE CHANCES
WOULD STILL BE SLIM.
HE HAS GIVEN HIMSELF A CRACK AT
IT.
NICE NICE TO KNOW IT JUST SITS
DOWN DEAD.
NO OVER SPIN OR ANYTHING.
JIM: LET'S GO TO 14.
PETER: KOEPKA FROM 20 FEET TO
JOIN THOSE AT 12 UNDER.
IT HAD THE RIGHT LINE.
BACK ON THE TEE, HERE IS TIGER.
NICK: MUST NOTE FORCE IT.
PERFECT.
BILL: PUT IT IN THE FREESE ON
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY AND MADE
SPECTACULAR BIRDIES ON BOTH
DAYS FROM IMPOSSIBLE POSITIONS.
BUT SAFELY IN THE CENTER OF THE
FAIRWAY FOR TIGER.
MOLINARI REGROUPED WITH A
BIRDIE AT 13 AFTER A DOUBLE AT
THE 12TH.
PERFECT.
TO 15.
PETER: XANDER SCHAUFFELE, NO
CHANCE OF GOING FOR THIS GREEN.
SO HE IS JUST GOING TO CHIP IT
OUT AND TRY TO MAKE BIRDIE THE
OLD-FASHIONED WAY.
THAT'S OK.
IT WILL JUST BE A WEDGE OF SOME
SORT.
TO 17.
FRANK: THE 27-YEAR-OLD FROM
LONG BEACH, QUORNE, PATRICK
CANTLAY -- FROM LONG BEACH,
CALIFORNIA, PATRICK CANTLAY.
ANOTHER ONE BLOWING RIGHT.
THEY FEEL THE BREEZE FROM THE
RIGHT, BUT THOSE PINE TREES
HAVE CAUGHT SOME ACTION THIS
WEEKEND.
OVER TO 16.
VERNE: RICKIE FOWLER NOW AT 10
UNDER.
8-IRON.
THIS WILL BE GOOD.
WELL, LET'S CALL IT FINE.
FOWLER ON A ROLL.
TIGER WOODS, FRANCESCO
MOLINARI, AND FOR THE MOMENT,
XANDER SCHAUFFELE TIED AT THE
TOP.
VERNE: THE RIGHT SIDE OF THE
TEE, DUSTIN JOHNSON.
A VERY SLOW ROLL, BUT HE IS
STILL FINE.
TO 15.
PETER: XANDER SCHAUFFELE NOW,
104 YARDS, SOFT GREEN
CONDITIONING.
HE CAN TAKE AIM.
DOESN'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT
BOUNCING THIS ONE OVER FROM
GREEN FIRMNESS.
WELL, HE FLEW THAT A GOOD SIX
YARDS TOO FAR, BUT HE WILL HAVE
THAT FOR HIS BIRDIE.
NOW BACK ON THE TEE, BROOKS
KOEPKA.
THE WIND HAS DIED DOWN.
BIRDIE-BIRDIE-EAGLE SO FAR THIS
WEEK.
THAT SHOULD BE OK.
TO 18.
JIM: BUBBA WATSON FOR BIRDIE --
I'M SORRY, FOR PAR.
AFTER THAT EAGLE AT 15, YOU
THOUGHT JUST MAYBE, IF HE COULD
RUN THE TABLES.
IT IS A FINAL ROUND 69 FOR
BUBBA.
HE PLAYED GREAT OVER THE
WEEKEND.
EIGHT UNDER THE LAST TWO DAYS.
LET'S GO BACK TO 14.
BILL: TIGER FROM 157.
WELL, IT COULD HAVE CAUGHT THE
SLOPE.
I THINK THAT IS WHAT TIGER
EXPECTED.
STILL A FINE EFFORT, HOLE-HIGH.
HE WILL HAVE A GOOD LOOK AT
BIRDIE TO GET IT TO 13 UNDER
AND BREAK THE CURRENT THREE-WAY
TIE FOR THE LEAD.
HOW MANY BELIEVED A DAY LIKE
THIS WOULD HAVE BEEN POSSIBLE
FOR TIGER EVEN 18 MONTHS AGO?
IT HAS BEEN A REMARKABLE SUNDAY
IN AUGUSTA, THIS 83RD PLAY OF
THE MASTERS.
MOLINARI NOW FROM 151.
WELL DONE.
TO 16.
VERNE: RICKIE FOWLER.
OH.
SINGED IT.
TO 17.
FRANK: THIS IS WHERE PATRICK
CANTLAY CAME TO REST.
HE HAS TO FIRE IT UP THERE AS
FAR AS HE CAN.
LONG IS BETTER AND SHORT HERE
AT 17.
THAT IS HIS SECOND, THAT FROM
185.
GOOD SAFE SHOT.
NOT A DIFFICULT PITCH FROM
THERE IN COMPARISON TO SHORT.
SECOND TIME HERE AT THE MASTERS
AS A PRO, ONE AS AN AMATEUR.
OVER TO JASON NOW.
VERNE: AND THIS FOR BIRDIE.
NICK: HE HAD THE LONGEST LOOK
AT THE LEADERBOARDS.
AS HE WALKS UP THE HILL, HE
PROBABLY HAD A CRICK IN HIS
NECK.
HE COULDN'T BELIEVE THERE WAS
SO MUCH GOING ON.
THE FIRST MAN IN THE CLUBHOUSE
AT 11 UNDER.
JIM: HOW ABOUT 67 BY THE WAY?
OVER AT THE 9TH, LAST YEAR'S
WINNER WHO WILL BE PRESENTING
THE GREEN JACKET.
PATRICK REED HOLING OUT WITH A
THREE UNDER PAR ROUND.
BUT JASON DAY POSTS 11 UNDER ON
THE ADJACENT GREEN OVER AT 18.
LET'S GO TO THE 16TH.
VERNE: DUSTIN JOHNSON.
NICK: JUST LIKE EVERYBODY, GOT
TO MAKE.
IT HAS GOT TO GO.
VERNE: HE IS THE ONE WHO
LISTENED, NICK.
NICK: YES YES.
11 UNDER WITH TWO TO PLAY.
HE HAS GOT TO DO SOMETHING
DRAMATIC.
THEY ARE BIRDIE-ABLE.
YOU HAVE TO GET INSIDE 10 OR 15
FEET WITH YOUR SECONDS.
VERNE: TO 14.
BILL: AND MOLINARI WILL GET A
LOOK AT TIGER'S LINE.
TIGER OUT IN 35.
THEN THAT UNBELIEVABLE STRETCH
AT THE 12TH.
SHORTEST HOLE AT AUGUSTA
NATIONAL, AND YET YEAR IN AND
YEAR OUT, HAS SO MUCH TO SAY IN
DETERMINING THE MASTERS WINNER.
MOLINARI LEFT THE 12TH WITH A
DOUBLE, AND NOW WE'VE GOT A
THREE-WAY TIE FOR THE LEAD.
TONY FINAU HAS FADED A BIT, TWO
OVER FOR HIS FINAL ROUND AFTER
POSTING 64 YESTERDAY.
WE GO TO 17.
FRANK: A WONDERFUL VIEW OF THE
SHOT THAT PATRICK CANTLAY
FACES.
GOOD FRIENDS WITH PATRICK REED,
DEFENDING CHAMP.
COULD BE AN INTERESTING GREEN
JACKET CEREMONY IF HE WERE TO
GO ON AND WIN.
PITCH IT WITH SPIN INTO THE
BANK AND LET IT JUST ROLL OVER
THE RIDGE 12 FEET SHORT.
SETTLE DOWN NOW.
JUST DIDN'T GRAB INTO THE
UPSLOPE.
HE HAS EIGHT FEET LEFT FOR PAR.
PETER:
PETER: XANDER SCHAUFFELE WITH
THE PUTTER.
THIS FOR THE OUTRIGHT LEAD AT
13.
NICK: A LOT OF TRUST.
PETER: IT GOT AIRBORNE.
IT IS GOING TO LOSE SPEED.
NICK: I WOULD HAVE CHIPPED THAT
ONE.
BILL: UNDER THAT KIND OF
PRESSURE, THE GROUND IS YOUR
FRIEND.
NICK: A LITTLE CHIP -- PUTT
TECHNIQUE.
BILL: BACK TO 14.
TIGER HAS TAKEN A GOOD LOOK AT
THIS.
GONE TO THE OTHER SIDE OF THE
HOLE LOCATION.
SO MUCH NUANCE IN THESE GREENS.
LAST THREE CHAMPIONS HAVE MADE
BIRDIE HERE AT 14 IN THE FINAL
ROUND.
TIGER FOR THE OUTRIGHT LEAD.
SO NOW MOLINARI WILL GET HIS
OPPORTUNITY FROM 13 FEET.
TRYING TO REGAIN THE LEAD.
HE STARTED THE DAY WITH A
TWO-SHOT ADVANTAGE.
EST CO-LEADER AFTER 36 HOLES.
-- HE WAS CO-LEADER AFTER 36
HOLES.
NICK: HE GOT A READ.
A TINY BIT MORE ANGLE.
HE KNOWS HE CAN GO WITH
SOMETHING OUT THE LEFT EDGE.
EVERY MOMENT NOW, JUST DYING TO
MAKE EVERYTHING.
GREAT LINE.
OFF SHE GOES, DIDN'T QUITE HAVE
THE CONVICTION.
JUST TOUCHED IT.
DIDN'T HAVE ANY REAL KIND OF
FORWARD MOMENTUM.
BILL: ONE OF THE FEW POOR PUTTS
WE HAVE SEEN FROM MOLINARI.
TO 17.
FRANK: OH, MY GOODNESS.
YOU MAKE ALL THOSE BIRDIES, AND
YOU REALLY NEEDED TWO PUTTS.
THAT WAS THE END OF HIS WEEK,
END OF HIS CHANCES.
YEAH.
NAME ON THE BOARD AFTER THE
EAGLE AT 15, CHANCE TO WIN, IN
THE LEAD.
PETER: SCHAUFFELE NOW TO STAY
MINUS 12.
THE LAST TWO GROUPS STILL HAVE
THIS HOLE TO PLAY.
TIGER FOR PAR.
BILL: THEY HEAD TO THE 15TH.
TIGER IN A THREE-WAY TIE FOR
THE LEAD.
MOLINARI AND SCHAUFFELE WITH
WOODS ALL AT 12 UNDER PAR.
JIM: WELL, THE RACE TO THE
FINCHISH AND THE CHASE TO TRY
TO BEAT THE WEATHER.
TIGER TRYING TO END THAT LONG
DROUGHT WITHOUT A MAJOR.
HIS LAST COMING AT TORREY PINES
IN JUNE OF 2018.
HIS LAST PGA, 2007, LAST OPEN
CHAMPIONSHIP, 2006, AND YES, 14
YEARS SINCE HE WON HERE AT
AUGUSTA.
PETER: HE WAITS ON THE 15TH TEE
.
BROOKS KOEPKA NOW, 203 YARDS, A
7-IRON, CLEAR VIEW.
TERRIFICALLY SHAPED.
AND BROOKS KOEPKA HAS THAT FOR
EAGLE AT 15.
THAT WOULD GIVE THE OUTRIGHT
LEAD AT 13 UNDER.
LET'S GO TO 16 TEE.
VERNE: AND THE 25-YEAR-OLD,
XANDER SCHAUFFELE, 7-IRON.
A LITTLE TOO STRONG.
INTERESTING.
HE HAD AN 8-IRON IN HIS LANDS,
WENT BACK AND CHANGED.
NICK: REALLY, VETERAN?
VERNE: YES.
PETER: TIGER ON THE 15TH TEE
SETTING UP FOR HIS CUT, AND
EXECUTES PERFECTLY.
NICK: HE IS JUST LOVING THE
EXTRA BIT OF INTENSITY NEEDED,
ISN'T HE?
PETER: HE HAS THAT ON THE RIGHT
SIDE OF THE FAIRWAY EVERYTHING,
GIVING HIM A GREAT ANGLE TO
TURN ONE OVER, LAND IT 25 FEET
RIGHT OF THE HOLE AND LET IT
WORKS ITS WAY TOWARD THE HOLE.
NICK: TIGER LOVING THE FEELING
OF TRYING TO WIN A MAJOR ON A
SUNDAY.
PETER: HE USED TO WOUNDER IF HE
CAN WIN AGAIN.
NOW HE KNOWS HE CAN WIN AGAIN.
NOW OUR OVERNIGHT LEADER,
FRANCESCO MOLINARI.
HE CAME OUT OF THIS ONE A
LITTLE BIT.
IT CATCHES A TREE, BUT THAT
WILL BE A LAY-UP FOR MOLINARI.
NICK, IT IS INTERESTING TO ME,
TIGER HAS BREAD A WHOLE NEW
GENERATION OF GOLFERS, AND THEY
ARE STANDING UP WELL TO HIS
PRESSURE.
NICK: THERE IS MORE OF THEM.
IN THE OLD DAYS, IT WAS BIG
ERNIE AND PHIL.
NOW HE HAS TO FEND OBVIATE
GAMES.
JIM: HERE AT 18, RAHM FOR
BIRDIE.
THIS WOULD GET HIM TO 11 UNDER.
DAY IS ALREADY AT THAT TOTAL IN
THE CLUBHOUSE.
IT WILL BE A FINAL ROUND 68 FOR
JON.
IT IS GOING TO BE THE SECOND
STRAIGHT YEAR HE FINISHES IN
THE TOP 10.
PLAYING WITH PHIL MICKELSON,
WHO IS EVEN FOR THE DAY AT
MINUS SIX.
PLAYED WITH TIGER THE FIRST TWO
DAYS.
RAHM UNDER PAR EVERY ROUND.
BUT IT IS NOT GOING TO BE
ENOUGH.
TO 17.
FRANK: PERFECT DRIVE FOR RICKIE
HERE AT THE PAR 4.
YESTERDAY, JUST ABOUT HALF THE
FIELD HIT IT WHERE THE FLAG IS
LOCATED TODAY, BUT WE HAVE ONLY
SEEN SEVEN BIRDIES.
A COUPLE OF GOOD SHOTS IN THERE
NOW.
RICKIE FOWLER IS IN GOOD
POSITION.
WE HEAD TO PHIL.
JIM: FOR BIRDIE.
HE HAD IT EIGHT UNDER FOR THE
TOURNAMENT AND WAS CLOSE FOR
BIRDIE AT 7, MISSED, AND THEN
FAILED TO BIRDIE THE 8TH HOLE.
THINK IF HE HAD GONE THROUGH
THAT STRETCH WITH A COUPLE OF
BIRDIES.
HE COULD HAVE BEEN 10 UNDER ON
THE 9TH TEE.
DOUBLED THE 10TH.
NICK: AS YOU SAY, JUST WANTED
TO BOMB THE DRIVES, BUT THEY
WEREN'T LASER GUIDED.
JIM: SIX UNDER IS TIED 18TH.
TO 17.
FRANK: DUSTIN JOHNSON ON A
ROLL, THREE BIRDIES IN THE LAST
FOUR.
CAN HE GET TO 12 UNDER HERE?
ALL RIGHT.
NICE SHOT, GOOD ANGLE.
THREE GOOD SHOTS AT 17.
THREE TIED AT 12.
DUSTIN JOHNSON COULD MAKE IT
FOUR WITH THAT PUTT.
KOEPKA WITH A CHANCE OF A TWO
-PUTT BIRDIE AT 15 ALSO COULD
GET TO 12.
AND JASON DAY THE LEADER IN THE
CLUBHOUSE WITH A 67 TODAY TO BE
11 UNDER.
JON RAHM A SOLID 68.
BUBBA WATSON, BARRING THE TWO
BOGEYS IN LAST TWO HOLES, HAD
SOME SPECTACULAR PLAY ON THE
INWARD HALF.
PETER: THIS WAS MOMENTS ALONG.
SERVE SERVE FLEW HIS SECOND
SHOT WELL OVER THE GREEN.
WEBB SIMPSON.
YOU NOTICED BROOKS KOEPKA
WALKING THROUGH THE FRAME
THERE, GETTING A FEW OF HOW HIS
BALL WAS ROLLING.
HIS EAGLE PUTT WILL BE FROM THE
SAME DIRECTION.
LET'S GO TO 16.
VERNE: AND SCHAUFFELE.
NICK, I MENTIONED HE HAD 8-IRON
AND WENT BACK AND CHANGED
CLUBS, WENT TO A 7.
HE WENT 30 FEET BEYOND.
NICK: YES.
HE WILL THINK ABOUT THAT AGAIN
IF HE MISSES OUT BY A SHOT.
VERNE: CURRENTLY TIED AT THE
TOP.
WE GO QUICKLY TO 17.
FRANK: VERY MAKEABLE.
HE CAN BE AGGRESSIVE.
OH, YES.
LOOK OUT.
ONE PERFECT DRIVE AROUND THE
CORNER AND IT WILL BE A WEDGE.
THAT IS HIS SHAPE TOO.
LOOKING FOR HIS SECOND MAJOR
AFTER THE 2016 U.S. OPEN.
TO 16.
VERNE: SCHAUFFELE.
TOO BOLD.
NICK: WHAT HAPPENED THERE?
HE WAS GRINDING ON THE LINE,
WANTED TO HOLD, AND HAD TO
THROW CAUTION TO THE WIND NOW.
RICKIE FOWLER NOW.
WE HAVE SIX GUYS WHO COULD
STILL WIN.
BILL: AND 15.
THAT WAS THE EAGLE PUTT FOR
BROOKS KOEPKA.
PETER: WOW IS ALL YOU CAN SAY.
IT WILL BE THREE BIRDIES AND AN
EAGLE ON THIS HOLE THIS WEEK
FOR BROOKS.
IF HE MAKES THIS, HE WILL BE
TWO UNDER FOR THE DAY.
AND TIED WITH FOUR OTHERS AT
MINIS 12.
MOLINARI HAS ALREADY LAID UP IN
THE GROUP BEHIND.
WE WILL HAVE TO SEE.
NICK: HE HAS BEEN THERE BEFORE.
AT THE 8TH HOLE HE LAID UP AND
STILL MADE A GREAT FOUR.
HE IS NOT OUT OF IT.
PETER: NO.
THOSE THAT HAVE LAID UP DOWN
THE LEFT SIDE HAVE HAD
DIFFICULTY.
THE ON ONES WE HAVE SEEN LAYING
UP AND GETTING IT CLOSE WERE
LAYING UP DOWN THE RIGHT SIDE.
WE SAW THE PITCH FROM OVER THE
GREEN FOR WEBB SIMPSON.
THIS IS HIS BIRDIE PUTT.
OH, NO.
THE BID TO GET TO MINUS 11 NOT
TO BE.
THE WAIT ON TOP OF THE HILL,
NICK, HAS GOT TO BE
EXCRUCIATING.
NICK: HE LOOKS CALM THOUGH,
DOESN'T HE?
PETER: HE DOES.
I THINK TIGER IS GOING TO TAKE
-- I WOULD CALL IT A CONTROLLED
AGGRESSIVE APPROACH.
NICK: YES.
HE HAS A NICE SLOPE TO THE
RIGHT OF THE FLAG, ABOUT SIX OR
SEVEN PACES TO THE RIGHT OF THE
FLAG, A NICE BACK STOP.
PLAY THAT DRAW IN LIKE BROOKS
KOEPKA JUST HIT.
VERNE: SCHAUFFELE TO STAY TIED
FOR THE LEAD.
CALM DEMEANOR.
NICK: A ROCK SOLID PUTTING
STROKE, YES.
HE HAS TO MAKE ONE MORE ATTHE
MOMENT IS THE THOUGHT.
VERNE: I THINK YOU ARE RIGHT.
IAN POULTER.
PETER: IT CAME TO REST HERE.
THIS TO GET TO MINUS NINE FOR
BIRDIE.
WELL, MAYBE A LITTLE TOO LITTLE
TOO LATE, BUT A GOOD SHOWING
FOR IAN POULTER.
TIGER BACK ON TOP OF THE HILL.
227 YARDS.
SO A GOOD DISTANCE BACK.
THE PLAYERS WHO HAVE CAUGHT
THIS HOLE DOWNWIND HAVE HAD AS
LITTLE AS 185 IN.
SEE IF HE CAN TAKE ADVANTAGE OF
ANOTHER PAR 5.
NICK: THAT TREE.
PETER: THAT LAST TREE ON THE
LEFT IS THE PERFECT LINE.
NICK: YES.
A COUPLE MORE YARDS OF DEPTH ON
THE GREEN AS WELL.
PETER: THERE IS ONLY ABOUT
MAXIMUM 14 OR 15 STEPS OF DEPTH
WHERE THE FLAG IS.
OH, YES.
THAT IS MASTERS EXPERIENCE
RIGHT THERE.
THAT IS THE CONTROLLED
AGGRESSION THAT YOU MIGHT
EXPECT OUT OF TIGER.
TO 18.
JIM: BIG DRIVE HERE FOR DUSTIN.
IT SHOULD FAVOR HIS BALL
FLIGHT.
NICK: YES.
JIM: IS IT SLIDING ENOUGH?
NICK: SURE IS -- ISN'T, SORRY.
THAT IS OK THOUGH.
IT IS SUCH A SHORT SHOT FOR
THESE GUYS.
PROBABLY A 9-IRON OR A WEDGE.
JIM: TO 17.
FRANK: USED TO COMING FROM
BEHIND IN ALL OF HIS WINS ON
TOUR IS XANDER SCHAUFFELE.
UP THE RIGHT SIDE.
DOES IT AVOID THE TREES?
YES.
SHOULD BE NO PROBLEM.
AWESOME TWO-PUTT BACK AT 16.
VERNE: KOEPKA, 9-IRON.
THAT STAYS UP.
NICK: HE HAS HIT A COUPLE OF
REALLY POOR SHORT IRONS THIS
AFTERNOON.
THE ONE AT 9, OBVIOUSLY THE ONE
AT 12, AND ONE RIGHT THERE AT
16.
BILL: THIS ONE HERE AT 15 IS
GOING TO BE DELICATE.
OUT OF THE SECOND CUT FOR
MOLINARI, 79 YARDS.
IT IS GOING TO BE EXTREMELY
DIFFICULT TO CONTROL THE SPIN
ON THIS SHOT.
PETER: AND EVIDENTLY IT IS
GOING TO BE SOMETHING ELSE.
CLEAN CONTACT.
HIT IT FAT.
NICK: DID YOU SEE THE SAND COME
UP?
WOW.
TWICE ON THIS NINE.
12 AND 15.
PETER: THAT IS ONE BOGEY FOR
THE FIRST 54 HOLES.
NICK: I SAID TIGER WAS GOING TO
HUNT THEM DOWN.
JUST LET THEM DO ALL THE HEAVY
LIFTING.
HANG WITH THE WHOLE EMOTION AND
INTENSITY.
PETER: I THINK THIS MIGHT HAVE
HIT THE TREE.
NICK: WATCH THE LIE.
A LOT OF SAND.
PETER: I THINK IT CLIPPED THE
TREE.
YES.
NICK: YOU ARE KIDDING.
PETER: IT RODE UP THE CLUB
PASS.
NICK: THE PINECONE CAIN DOWN.
PETER: YES.
ROLLED UP THE CLEANUP FACE AND
CAME OFF HIGHER THAN HE WAS
ANTICIPATING.
NICK: YOU SEE THE PINECONE
COMING DOWN JUST LEFT OF THE
BALL.
WATCH IT LAND SHORT OF THE
WATER.
THERE IS THE BALL OBVIOUSLY,
AND THEN THERE IS THE PINECONE.
PETER: NO THIS IS NO BARGAIN
HERE FROM THE DROP ZONE EITHER.
NICK: NO.
THERE IS NO ROOM TO WORK WITH.
I AM SURPRISED HE WENT THAT
CLOSE.
PETER: WELL, THE ERRANT TEE
SHOT WAS COMPOUNDED BY A REALLY
IMPORTANT LAY-UP.
THIS WAS EARLIER.
TONY FINAU FROM 205 YARDS.
AND ONLY BUBBA HAS BEEN BETTER
TODAY.
ALL RIGHT.
THREE IN, FOUR OUT, HITTING
FIVE.
BOY, THIS TAKES SOME NERVE TO
GET COMMITTED TO THIS SHOT TOO.
NICK: IT SURE WILL.
YOU JUST HAVE TO GO FOR IT
BECAUSE SEVEN WILL NOT WORK
NOW.
UH-OH.
DISASTER.
SURPRISED.
PETER: I THINK THAT BRIEF
RAINSTORM MIGHT HAVE SAVED HIM
THERE.
BUT DISASTER FOR MOLINARI AT
15.
TO 18.
JIM: HE HAD THE LEAD FOR A
WHILE.
AFTER HIS EAGLE AT 15, IT'S A
PAR AT THE FINISH.
HE SHOOTS 12 UNDER OVER THE
WEEKEND.
HE HAD THE LEAD WITH THREE
HOLES TO GO.
LET'S GO BACK DOWN THE 18TH AND
RICKIE FOWLER.
NICK: WHERE IS HE LOOKING?
UP AND HIGH AND OVER, TRYING TO
HIT A HOOK.
JIM: NEEDS TO HOOK.
NICK: YOU CAN SEE THAT BUNKER
HAS BEEN WELL VISITED ALREADY.
JIM: WELL, YOU HAVE TO THINK
THAT TIGER IS LOOKING AT BIRDIE
AT 15.
NICK: YES, DEFINITELY.
JIM: AND THERE IS DUSTIN
JOHNSON, NEEDS TO MAKE A THREE
TO GET TO 13.
FROM THE SECOND BUNKER.
NICK: HE SAID PURE.
IT WILL STAY THERE.
A DOWNSLOPE IT LANDED ON.
YOU ARE RIGHT, JIM.
TIGER SHOULD GO TO 13.
WE WILL SEE WHAT HAPPENS WITH
THAT PUTT.
PETER: THIS IS RIGHT STRAIGHT
DOWNHILL, NICK.
YOU NEED TO BE REALLY CAUTIOUS
WITH YOUR SPEED.
FOR EAGLE.
PERFECTLY JUDGED FOR SPEED.
EVEN THOUGH THE GREENS ARE
SLOWER THAN NORMAL BECAUSE OF
THE WEATHER, STILL WITH HIS
MASTERS EXPERIENCE, JUDGED IT
BEAUTIFULLY.
NOW MOLINARI WILL BE NEXT FOR
HIS CHIP FOR SIX.
TO 16 FIRST.
VERNE: AND KOEPKA WITH A
CHALLENGING PUT.
NICK: THE HOLE WAS BEHIND HIM.
VERNE: YES.
NICK: JUST LIKE CANTLAY'S.
TOO SOFT, AND IT GATHERS SPEED
NORMALLY THEY SWISH THE GREENS
TO GET THE SAND OFF IT.
I WONDER IF HE WAS ALLOWED TO
ASK FOR THAT.
VERNE: THAT WAS WEBB SIMPSON'S
SHOT.
PETER: MOLINARI.
IT WILL BE TWO BOGEYS AND TWO
DOUBLE BOGEYS IN THE FINAL
ROUND FOR FRESH.
AFTER ONLY ONE BOGEY THE
PREVIOUS 54 HOLES.
PRESSURE AT AUGUSTA ON SUNDAY.
IF HE MAKES THIS, HE GETS TO
MINUS 11.
WOW.
HARD TO DESCRIBE WHAT IS GOING
ON WITH THESE GUYS INTERNALLY,
NICK.
NICK: ABSOLUTELY.
EVERYTHING IS GOING ON.
THEY HAVE THE NERVES OF THEIR
OWN GAME.
THEY HAVE NOW SEEN TIGER AT THE
TOP.
PETER: THEY MAY LOOK CALM AND
STOIC ON THE OUTSIDE, BUT I
GUARANTEE YOU THEY ARE ANYTHING
BUT THAT ON THE INSIDE.
SO NOW WITH THREE HOLES AND A
PUTT LEFT IN THIS MASTERS,
TIGER WOODS HAS THE LEAD AT
MINUS 13.
THE IMPOSSIBLE HAS BECOME
POSSIBLE.
WONDERING IF HE WAS EVER GOING
TO PLAY GOLF AGAIN, HE NOW
KNOWS HE CAN PLAY GOLF AGAIN.
PEOPLE WERE LAYING WAGERS AS TO
WHETHER HE COULD WIN ANOTHER
MAJOR.
SOME SAID DEFINITELY NOT.
I BELIEVE TIGER IS SAYING YES,
I CAN.
FRANK: AFTER THAT BIRDIE FROM
TIGER, XANDER IS NOW ONE
BEHIND.
FROM 162.
A BEAUTIFUL SMOOTH SWING.
THE WIND HAS COME A LITTLE BIT
FROM BEHIND NOW.
IT WAS BLOWING BACK INTO THEIR
FACES EARLIER.
THAT IS GOING TO BE A TRICKY
PUTT OVER THE HILL FROM 60 FEET
AS WE HEAD UP THE HILL TO 18.
JIM: WELL, NOW THE DUSTIN
JOHNSON PUTT.
IF YOU LOOK AT THE LEADERBOARD
AND THOSE CHASING, THIS IS A
VERY PIVOTAL MOMENT.
NICK: YES.
THE HIGH SIDE IS JUST BEHIND
HIM, A LITTLE LEFT-TO-RIGHT.
JIM: YOU CAN HEAR THE ROARS
SCATTERED AROUND THE GROUNDS AS
THE SCORE OF TIGER IS POSTED.
THIS FOR BIRDIE.
IT HAS TO TURN.
NICK: TIGER COULD HAVE AN
OPPORTUNITY TO JUST CRUISE IN.
JIM: HE COULD.
THOSE AROUND HIM AT THE START
OF THE DAY HAVE HAD ISSUES.
DUSTIN JOHNSON DIDN'T GET
STARTED UNTIL TOO LATE.
HE WAS EVEN FOR THE DAY THROUGH
12 AND ENDS UP SHOOTING 68.
A LEIGHTON CHARGE THAT MAY NOT
BE ENOUGH.
BACK TO 16.
VERNE: WE HAD A SLIGHT DELAY.
THEY DID COME OUT AND CLEAN THE
SAND AWAY.
NICK: WELL, AN ABSOLUTE MUST.
HAS TO GO TO STAY ONE BACK.
VERNE: BARELY.
BUT IT COUNTS.
NICK: FOUR PERFECT SHOTS,
LEAVING TWO BIRDIE CHANCES.
VERNE: LET'S GO TO RICKIE
FOWLER.
JIM: AFTER DRIVING IT INTO THE
TREES AND INTO THE RIGHT GREEN
SIDE BUNKER TO HERE, THIS FOR
PAR.
THIS WOULD MATCH HIS PLAYING
PARTNER, JOHNSON'S ROUND OF 68.
A LOT OF DROPPED SHOTS ON THIS
SECOND SIDE, AND SOME CLAMITIES
ALONG THE WAY.
TO 17.
FRANK: TWO PUTTS WOULD BE GOOD
FOR HERE FROM XANDER, VERY SLOW
THE FIRST 20 OR 30 FEET AND
THEN QUICK AS IT COMES ACROSS.
EVERYONE CHEERED AS TIGER'S
NUMBER WENT UP ON THE BOARD
HERE AT 17.
BUT LIKE BACK AT 16, SHUFLE
NEVER BATTED AN EYE LID.
VERNE: AND WHEN HE WON HERE,
THE LAST TIME IN 2005, TIGER
WOODS HAD A ONE-SHOT LEAD AS HE
STOOD ON THIS TEE.
HE ALSO HAD AN 8-IRON.
HE DOES THIS TIME AS WELL.
NICK: WELL, TIGER HAS HUNTED
THEM DOWN, AND NOW HE HAS GONE
IN FOR THE KILL.
VERNE: THEN YOU MIGHT REMEMBER,
HE PULLED AN 8-IRON LONG AND
LEFT AND MADE A MIRACLE SHOT.
HE WON'T NEED THAT THIS TIME.
TONY FINAU IS NEXT.
TOWARD THE COMPLETION OF THIS
TEE SHOT.
ANYBODY COUNT HOW MANY TIMES HE
SAID COME ON?
FINAU.
TONY WITH A GOOD SHOT.
BROOKS KOEPKA WAS ABOUT TO TEE
OFF ON 17, AND HE HAD TO PAUSE
AND LOOK BACK AT THE RESULT OF
THE TEE SHOT OF TIGER WOODS.
THAT IS A PRETTY GOOD SWIMMER
BEHIND A PRETTY GOOD GOLFER.
THAT WAS MICHAEL PHELPS.
HERE IS FRANCESCO MOLINARI WITH
AN 8-IRON.
NICK: WHOA.
STOPS AGAIN.
VERNE: WELL, DO YOU THINK TIGER
MIGHT ENJOY THIS STROLL?
DO YOU THINK?
LET'S GO TO 17.
FRANK: WELL, ALL THESE YOUNG
FELLOWS ARE IS SO MUCH BETTER
PLAYERS HAVING GROWN UP
WATCHING HOW GREAT TIGER WAS IN
HIS HEYDAY, GLORY YEARS.
NOW THEY ARE EXPERIENCING IT.
NOW THEY ARE SEEING EXACTLY
WHAT IT WAS LIKE AS THEN A PART
OF THE ACTION.
BROOKS KOEPKA ANOTHER ONE OF
THOSE PLAYERS.
HE DOESN'T LET ANY OF THAT
STUFF BOTHER HIM.
THE PATRONS ON THE LEFT ARE
STILL CHEERING TIGER OVER AT
16.
HE HIT A BEAUTIFUL SHOT, TOP OF
THE HILL.
THIS IS WHEN THEY CHANGED THE
SCORE.
THEY WILL PUT THE SCORE UP AT
13, 14, 15, AND ALL-AROUND THE
COURSE.
YOU CAN TELL IT'S DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN A HOLE IN ONE ROAR, AND
A TIGER ROAR.
AND YOU HOST WHEN THEY ARE
COMING, AND WHICH HOLE THEY ARE
COMING FROM.
VERNE: WOW.
TO 18.
JIM: THAT IS ABOUT ALL YOU CAN
SAY.
IT IS A VERY BIG WOW.
SCHAUFFELE.
NICK: A LITTLE LOW.
JIM: HITS A BULLET SHOT.
NICK: THE FIRST OF THE TWO
BUNKERS.
JIM BACK TO 16.
VERNE: AND MOLINARI.
IT BEGAN TO GO SOUTH AT THE
12TH, AND IT REALLY WENT SOUTH
AT 15.
FINAU IS NEXT.
THERE WE ARE.
VERY NICE, TONY.
TIGER WOODS CAN INCREASE HIS
LEAD TO TWO WITH TWO HOLES TO
PLAY.
I AM COMPELED TO SAY OH, MY
GOODNESS.
AND HERE, BACK ON THE TEE WITH
AN 8-IRON.
YEARS OF EXPERIENCE.
AND A LOT OF TALENT.
THAT IS THE RESULT.
LET'S GO TO 17.
FRANK: WOW, VETERAN.
JUST AMAZING.
BROOKS KOEPKA WAS ON TOP OF THE
HILL, AND HE WAITED FOR THAT
PUTT AND THAT ROAR BEFORE HE
PLAYED HIS SECOND AT 17.
THEN THEY POSTED THE SCORE AS
SOON AS HE HAD HIT.
SO EVERYONE UP HERE KNOWS THE
SITUATION.
WITH DRIVER.
HE HAS NAILED IT.
IDEAL POSITION, TOP OF THE
HILL.
CLEAR VIEW OF THE FLAG STICK.
WELL, IT HAS BEEN A LONG TIME
COMING.
14 MAJOR VICTORIES BY 2018, AND
ALL THOSE YEARS WONDERING,
SPENDING A COUPLE OF YEARS
WONDERING IF HE WOULD EVER
COMPETE AGAIN, LET ALONE
COMPETE IN A MAJOR OR WIN.
PRETTY AMAZING.
NICK: YES.
TWO YEARS AGO AT THE CHAMPIONS
DINNER, HE SAID I AM DONE.
I CAN'T PLAY GOLF.
MY BACK HAS LOCKED UP.
AND HE FEARED THAT HE WOULD
NEVER PLAY GOLF AGAIN.
FRANK: WELL, IT IS A MIRACLE.
NICE DRIVE FROM TONY.
JIM: WE ARE AT THE 18TH.
XANDER SCHAUFFELE IS IN A TIE
FOR SECOND AT 12 UNDER WITH
DUSTIN JOHNSON AND BROOKS
KOEPKA.
CHUNKED IT.
NICK: THAT IS NOT GOING TO
HELP.
JIM: OH, BOY.
PLUNGING BACK DOWN TO EARTH.
WHILE ALL THAT WAS GOING ON
OVER HERE AT 16, THIS WAS
KOEPKA OVER AT 17.
IAN: AFTER WAITING FOR THE
BIRDIE PUTT AT 16.
HE HIT A LOVELY SHOT IN AND HAS
A BIRDIE CHANCE HIMSELF.
AS SOON AS HE HIT THAT, THEY
WERE ROARING AND YELLING UP
HERE.
LET'S CHECK IN WITH AMANDA
BALIONIS.
AMANDA: HERE WITH DUSTIN
JOHNSON.
YOU YOU TOLD ME YESTERDAY YOU
COULD CHASE DOWN THE LEAD IF
YOU GOT IT GOING, FOUR UNDER IN
THE FINAL SIX, YOU GOT IT
GOING.
HOW DO YOU ASSESS YOUR FINAL
ROUND?
>> I PLAYED WELL ON THE BACK
NINE.
I GOT OFF TO A SHE START, BUT
GOT IT TOGETHER ON THE BACK
NINE, MADE SOME PUTTS, HIT SOME
GOOD SHOTS.
TRIED TO CHASE THEM DOWN.
I DON'T THINK IT IS GOING TO BE
QUITE GOOD ENOUGH THOUGH.
AMANDA: NOTHING SOUNDS AND
FEELS LIKE AUGUSTA NATIONAL ON
A SUNDAY.
WHAT WERE YOU FEELING OUT THERE
COMING IN?
AND NOW THAT YOUR JOB IS DONE,
WHAT DOES IT FEEL LIKE?
>> IT WAS A GOOD DAY.
IT JUST WASN'T QUITE GOOD
ENOUGH.
IT IS OUT THERE.
IT WAS A LOT OF FUN TODAY.
YOU COULD HEAR THE ROARS, AND
YOU CAN TELL THE DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN A ROAR FOR ME OR A ROAR
FOR TIGER.
BUT I HAD A LOT OF FUN OUT
THERED TOO.
UP THOUGHT IT WAS A GOOD DAY.
I PLAYED WELL, JUST NOT QUITE
GOOD ENOUGH.
AMANDA: IT WAS FUN TO WATCH.
THANK YOU FOR JOINING US.
OUT TO 17.
FRANK: YELL, IT WAS FUN TO
WATCH, AND HE CONTINUES TO
CONTEND.
IAN: TIGER MAKES HIS WAY UP,
THE SECOND TO LAST GROUP HERE.
BROOKS KOEPKA SET TO GO.
12 FEET OR SO, A LITTLE
LEFT-TO-RIGHT.
THIS TO GET TO 13 UNDER.
SLIPPERY DOWN THE SLOPE TOWARDS
THE FRONT RIGHT OF THAT GREEN.
BUT HE CONTINUES TO PLAY
AMAZING GOLF IN THE MAJORS.
UNFLAPPABLE.
HITS BIG SHOTS AT THE RIGHT
TIME.
LOTS OF EMOTION THERE TODAY.
LONGEST GAP BETWEEN MASTERS
WINS, 13 YEARS, GARY PLAYER
FROM 1961 TO 1974.
THIS WOULD BE ONE MORE.
JIM: BACK AT 18, SCHAUFFELE.
NICK: I DON'T THINK HE HAS GOT
THE LIE HE WANTED.
I WAS ACTUALLY TRYING TO READ
THE BUNKER SHOT.
IT WILL LAND ON A LITTLE DOWN
SLOPE.
NOT MUCH MORE THAN A FOOT
THAN A FOOT LEFT.
JIM: THAT LOOKS DAUNTING.
LANDED RIGHT BY THE HOLE.
TIGER WAITING OVER IN THE
FAIRWAY AT 17.
STILL WAITING FOR THE GREEN TO
CLEAR CAN.
-- CLEAR.
WHAT IS GOING ON IN HIS HEAD
RIGHT NOW, NICK?
NICK: I THINK HE'S STAYING
AMAZINGLY CALM.
I ALLUDED A COUPLE OF WEEKS BACK
WHEN HE PLAYED RORY IN THAT
MATCH PLAY.
HE WAS ABLE TO PUT HIMSELF IN
THE SUNDAY AFTERNOON MAJOR MODE
AND I THINK THAT WAS A NICE
LITTLE CONFIDENCE BOOST THAT I
CAN SWITCH IT ON.
I CAN TURN IT ON WHEN I NEED IT.
IAN: HE'S WATCHING CLOSELY AS
BROOKS HAS THIS FOR THE PAR.
BUT HE HEADS TO 18 TWO BEHIND.
IT CERTAINLY CHANGES THE
DISCUSSION NOW, NICK, DOESN'T
IT?
WITH ALL THE YOUNG GUYS SAYING
OH, WE GREW UP WITH TIGER.
IT'S SO GREAT TO GET A CHANCE TO
PLAY WITH HIM.
AND NOW THEY'RE ACTUALLY GETTING
A CHANCE TO SEE HIM PLAY.
NICK: ALIVE AGAIN.
ALIVE AND KICKING.
IAN: HE ALSO REKINDLES THE TALK,
IF HE DOES GO ON TO WIN, THE 18
MAJORS RECORD HELD BY THE GREAT
JACK NICKLAUS.
JUST A COUPLE OF STUMBLES FOR
THE DOUBLE BOGUS FROM FRANCESCO.
THE REST OF THE WEEK WAS SUBURB.
SO MANY SHOTS LIKE THAT.
ALSO, TIGER WOULD BE A CHAMPION
HERE AT AUGUSTA MAJOR HERE IN
THREE DECADES, JUST LIKE JACK.
ONE IN 19  7 -- 1997, THEN THE
2000'S AND PERHAPS 2019.
143.
GOOD, SOLID WEDGE WITH A DRAW
AROUND THE TREES.
>> SIT.
IAN: GREW UP DREAMING ABOUT
PLAYING IN A MAJOR CHAMPIONSHIP
WITH TIGER, DID TONY FINAU, AND
HE CERTAINLY GOT HIS WISH TODAY.
HE WAS SO EXCITED ABOUT THE
OPPORTUNITY.
SAME NUMBER, 143.
WITH AN EXCLAMATION MARK.
10 FEET FOR BIRDIE AT 17.
TO TAKE A THREE-SHOT LEAD TO THE
HOME HOLE.
IT'S BEEN A LONG JURAN --
JOURNEY, TIGER.
JIM: IT'S BEEN A LONG JOURNEY
JUST AT THE 18TH FOR SCHAUFFELE.
HAS THIS FOR PAR.
RIGHT DOWN THE LINE.
BEAUTIFUL.
HE HAD A PIECE OF THE LEAD.
PARRED THE LAST FOUR HOLES.
KOEPKA BACK ON THE TEE AT 18.
NICK: JUST GOT TO FIND A WAY TO
MAKE A THREE AND SIT AND WATCH.
JIM: THAT'S A GOOD START.
NICK: JEESH, IT WILL BE NOTHING
FROM THERE.
A RUSTY GAP WEDGE.
JIM: WELL, NUMBER 15 IS SO
CLOSE, YOU CAN JUST FEEL IT.
IT'S NOT OVER YET BUT TIGER,
ABOUT TO, IT APPEARS, END THE
11-YEAR DROUGHT BETWEEN MAJOR
TITLES, WHICH WILL TIE THE
RECORD FOR THAT LONGEST SPAN
WITH BURROWS, BEN CRENSHAW AND
HALE IRWIN.
THEY HAD 11-YEAR GAPS BETWEEN
MAJORS.
A MOMENT AGO AT 18.
JUSTIN HART, THIS FOR BIRDIE TO
GET INTO THE TOP 12 AND THAT
WILL GIVE HIM AN INVITATION TO
NEXT YEAR'S MASTERS TOURNAMENT.
HAD TO MAKE BIRDIE TO MOVE INTO
A TIE FOR 12TH AT EIGHT UNDER
PAR.
WE GO BACK TO 17.
IAN: YOU CAN SEE THE SCENE.
THE PATRIOTS ARE 20 DEEP AND
MANY MANY THOUSANDS WALKING UP
IN 18 IN READINESS FOR TIGER'S
WALK UP THE HOME HOLE.
HIS FIFTH GREEN JACKET.
JUST ONE BEHIND JACK NICKLAUS,
WHO HAS SIX.
HE HAD A GOOD LOOK AT THE BOARD
ON THE WAY UP.
AND THIS WILL HIPP, WATCHING
TONY FINAU'S PUTT.
HE'LL GET IN THERE AS QUICKLY AS
HE CAN.
NICK: THAT'S A HUGE HELP TO HIM.
IAN: JUST VISUALIZE THE SPEED,
SEE HOW QUICK IT IS PAST THE
HOLE.
NICK: IT'S NICE TO TRUST THAT IT
WILL BREAK RATHER THAN GRINDING
ON WILL OR WON'T IT?
IT COULD BE ANOTHER MAJORAL
MOMENT, I THINK FOR YOU, IAN, AS
WELL.
IAN: NICK, IT'S JUST A SPECIAL
MOMENT FOR GOLF, FOR EVERYBODY.
NICK: I AGREE.
IAN: EVEN US.
I COMPETED HERE EIGHT TIMES.
YOU COMPETED HERE 23 AND WON IT
THREE TIMES.
FOR ALL THE PEOPLE THAT HAVE
PLAYED HERE, IT'S JUST SUCH AN
AMAZING PLACE.
FOR THOSE OF US THAT GET A
CHANCE TO COME AND BE A PART OF
IT.
BUT FOR TIGER WOODS TO COME BACK
AFTER AN 11-YEAR DROUGHT, AS JIM
JUST MENTIONED, TO WIN HIS 15TH
MAJOR CHAMPIONSHIP AND HIS FIFTH
GREEN JACKET IS A CINDERELLA
STORY.
NICK: I DON'T KNOW IF IT MEANS
ANYTHING BUT THE SOLAR CYCLE OF
THE SUN IS EVERY 11 YEARS.
IAN: WOW.
NICK: MAYBE THE SUN OF GOLF HAS
RETURNED.
OFFENSIVELY CERTAINLY ONE OF MY
MOST MEMORABLE DAYS, NICK.
EITHER AS A PLAYER OR AS AN
ANNOUNCER.
NICK: JUST WATCH THIS ONE GO IN
FIRST.
IAN: A GENTLE TOUCH.
JUST A LAG.
TONY'S BROKE A LOT MORE.
SO HE'LL MARK THAT.
HE DOESN'T WANT TO STAND IN
TONY FINAU'S LINE.
BUT A TAP-IN FOR THE 4.
PITCH TO THE LAST TWO IN FRONT.
OF COURSE, KOEPKA CAN STILL
BIRDIE THE LAST TO GET TO 13 SO
IT'S CERTAINLY NOT OVER AND YOU
NEVER ALLOW THAT THOUGHT, DO
YOU?
NICK: HE KIND OF HAS TO GET TO
IT 13.
YES, IF BROOKS CAN GET TO 13 AND
IT'S A PAR TO WIN, IT COULD BE A
DIFFERENT STORY.
IAN: HIS BELIEF REALLY STARTED
TO COME BACK WITH THAT WIN JUST
DOWN THE ROAD AT EAST LAKE IN
ATLANTA AT THE END OF LAST YEAR.
AS WE WATCH MOLINARI.
THE ITALIAN METRO KNOW.
JUST MISSED A COUPLE HERE ON THE
HOMEWARD NINE BUT ANOTHER GREAT
SHOWING IN A MAJOR CHAMPIONSHIP.
AFRICAN-AMERICAN CHESKO, SOLID
PLAYER.
NICK: WHEN YOU GO BACK TO LAST
SUMMER.
TIGER GOT THE FEELING AT
CARNOUSTIE WHAT IT'S LIKE TO
LEAD A MAJOR AGAIN AND THEN AT
THE PGA WAS UNBELIEVABLE THAT
FRONT NINE.
HE COULDN'T HIT THE GOLF COURSE
AND HE EBLEDS UP STAYING IN
CONTENTION, CHASING BROOKS
KOEPKA, IT TOOK SHEER BRUTE
STRENGTH FOR BROOKS TO FEND HIM
OFF.
BUT THAT INCREDIBLE BOOST TO
KNOW, EVEN WHEN I'M NOT PLAYING
MY BEST, I'M RIGHT THERE.
IAN: YES.
NICK: UP AGAINST THE WIND.
THERE YOU GO.
WHAT A GREAT SHOT.
VERY STRAIGHTFORWARD PUTT.
DOESN'T HAVE TO GIVE THE HOLE
AWAY.
TO GET TO 13.
JIM: AND CUT IT TO ONE.
NICK: YES, CUT TO IT ONE.
JIM: BACK TO 17.
OFFENSIVELY AND JUST THE TAP-IN
FOR TIGER.
HE HEADS TO THE LAST 14 UNDER.
WHAT A PERFORMANCE, TIGER.
JUST ONE MORE HOLE TO GO.
AND AS YOU SAY, NICK, HE'S KEPT
HIS CALM AND COMPOSURE AND HIS
CADENCE OF HIS WALK AS HE HEADS
TO THE 18TH TEE.
JIM: HOW MANY PEOPLE DID YOU RUN
INTO TODAY, NICK, I KNOW IT WAS
EARLY.
BUT THERE WERE SO MANY PEOPLE
WHO WERE SAYING IT'S GOING TO BE
A DAY OF HISTORY.
THEY FELT IT.
YOU FELT IT.
NICK: I DID MENTION IT TO A FEW
PEOPLE.
I'VE BEEN DESCRIBING IT LIKE A
MARATHON.
THAT'S HOW I WOULD RUN A
MARATHON IF I COULD GET THAT
FAR.
HANG BEHIND THE LEADERS AND
EVERYBODY IS GOING TO GET-ROUND
WOUND UP TRYING TO WIN THE
MASTERS, MANY OF THEM FOR THEIR
FIRST TIME.
AND TIGER RODE THAT OUT, LET
THEM ALL GET IN A MESS AND
SNEAKED IN FRONT.
AGAIN, OF COURSE WITH BRILLIANT
PLAY.
JIM: THAT WAS HIS GAME PLAN.
IT WASN'T LIKE IT WAS A HIDDEN
AGENDA.
HE SAID IT LAST NIGHT TO THE
MEDIA, TO AMANDA AND I IN AN
INTERVIEW THAT HE WAS GOING TO
BE PATIENT TODAY.
HE'S THREE UNDER FOR THE ROUND.
HE BIRDIES THE TWO PAR 5'S ON
THE SECOND NINE AND 16.
HE JUST WAITED FOR THOSE AROUND
HIM.
WHAT HAPPENED AT 12 IS JUST
ASTONISHING TO SEE THE LAST FOUR
GROUPS GO THROUGH WITH FOUR
DOUBLE BOGEYS.
FOUR IN THE WATER.
NOW HE'S BACKING AWE OFF OF
DRIVER HERE.
-- OFF OF DRIVER HERE.
NOT GOING WITH THE BIG STICK.
NICK: POUND IT AS HARD AS HE
CAN.
STRAIGHT AT THE BUNKERS, NEVER
GOING TO REACH THEM.
JIM: ON THE NOSE.
NICK: IT WILL KICK TO THE RIGHT,
THOUGH, AND THAT'S BACK A WAYS.
JIM: LET'S GO TO AMANDA.
AMANDA: HERE WITH XANDER
SCHAUFFELE AND IN JUST YOUR
SECOND MAJOR YOU COMPETED ON THE
BIGGEST STAGE LATE ON SUNDAY.
HOW PROUD RUOFF THIS PERFORMANCE
AND WHAT WAS THE KEY TO KEEPING
YOUR COMPOSURE?
>> IT WAS A LOT OF FUN.
I FEEL LIKE I'M GETTING THE FULL
EXPERIENCE HERE WITH TIGER IN
HIS RED, HIS MOCK TURTLENECK AND
THE CROWDS ARE INCREDIBLE AND I
FED OFF THE CROUFEDS.
THE ROARS FROM BEHIND SORT OF
PUSHED ME FORWARD.
AMANDA: THE MATCHES WAS THE
FIRST TOURNAMENT YOU STARTED
WATCHING WHEN YOU WERE LITTLE.
YOUR DAD HAS BEEN HERE EVERY
STEP OF THE WAY.
HOW DIFFERENT HAS THIS FELT ON
SUNDAY AFTERNOON AND DOES THIS
SPEAK TO WHAT YOU CAN ACCOMPLISH
IN THE FUTURE?
>> YEAH, I TOLD MY CADDIE ON 1,
I SHOT ONE OVER MY FIRST ROUND
AND COLUMN CLAP -- CLUBBED BE
ANY WAY BACK TO WHERE I AM NOW.
I SAID WE JUST PROVED WE CAN DO
IT.
YOU NEVER KNOW UNTIL YOU DO WHAT
YOU DID TODAY.
AMANDA: WELL DONE.
IT WAS FUN TO WATCH.
OUT TO 18.
NICK: AS WE WATCH TIGER WALKING
UP.
THE ONLY CONCERN IS IF HE'S GOT
FAR ENOUGH UP TO HAVE A CLEAR
VIEW.
I'M TRYING TO LOOK FOR THE
MARSHAL TO HEAD UP THERE TO SEE
WHERE HIS BALL IS.
JIM: AND UP ON THE GREEN --
AGAIN, KOEPKA CAN MAKE THIS
THING INTERESTING IF HE HOLES
THIS PUTT.
AND IT'S ONE WE'VE SEEN MANY
TIMES THROUGH THE YEARS.
NICK: MIGHT AS WELL HIT IT
FIRMLY.
YOU'RE NOT WORRIED ABOUT THE
NEXT ONE.
THAT'S STRAIGHT IN.
JIM:ED IN DEFINITELY PUT
PRESSURE ON TIGER'S FINISH.
MIGHT HAVE BEEN HIS WORST STROKE
OF THE DAY.
NICK: THAT CHANGED THE WHOLE
BREATHING SPACE FOR TIGER.
JIM: THAT WAS THE RESULT OF THE
MOMENT.
HE'S MADE SO MANY, THOUGH, IN
THIS REMARKABLE STRETCH HE'S HAD
WHERE HE'S WON THREE MAJORS.
NEVER SEEN HIM AT A CRITICAL
TIME MISS BY THAT WIDE A MARGIN.
SO FIVE WILL WIN FOR TIGER.
THAT'S ALL HE NEEDS.
JOE LACAVA WILL BE ON THE
WINNING BAG AT AUGUSTA, IT
APPEARS FOR THE SECOND TIME IN
HIS WELL--RESPECTED CAREER.
HE WAS WITH FRED COUPLES IN 199
IN VICT -- 1992 IN VICTORY.
11-UNDER FINISH FOR WEBB
SIMPSON.
SHOOTS 70 IN THE FINAL ROUND.
AND 70 IS THE SCORE FOR KOEPKA,
WHO JOINS DUSTIN JOHNSON AND
XANDER SCHAUFFELE IN A TIE FOR
SECOND.
POULTER FINISHED AT MINUS 8.
HIS NORMAL IS THERE.
SON CHARLIE AND THE FOUR GRAND
DAUGHTERS, SAM IN THE BACK.
ERICKA.
THIS HAS BEEN ONE OF THE BIGGEST
GOALS FOR TIGER IN THIS
REMARKABLE COMEBACK, AND THAT
WAS FOR HIS CHILDREN TO
EXPERIENCE THIS.
FOR THEM TO SEE THEIR FATHER WIN
A MAJOR TIME.
MOLINARI NOW.
TWO DOUBLE BOGUS, NICK.
THE ONE AT 12 IS STILL NOT TO BE
BELIEVED.
NOW, TIGER HAS A LITTLE BIT OF A
LIMB ISSUE.
SOME BRANCHES ON HIS  LINE.
NICK: PLUS, WHEN IT'S A
KNOCKDOWN, CUT IT UP AGAINST THE
WIND.
LET JOEY GET THE WIND DIRECTION.
WOW.
KIND OF OVERCHOPED THAT ONE.
JIM: AGAIN, JUST NEEDS TO MAKE 5
TO CLOSE IT OUT FOR GREEN JACKET
NUMBER FIVE.
WHICH WOULD PUT HIM ONE BEHIND
JACK NICKLAUS AND ONE AHEAD OF
ARNOLD PALMER.
NOW, WITH THE MOST AWKWARD
STANCE HERE, FINAU.
HE, TOO, MISSING THE GREEN.
HE'S HAD AWKWARD STANCES SINCE
THE FIRST HOLE, SECOND SHOT.
JIM: THINK OF ALL THE YOUNGSTERS
WHO WERE INSPIRED BY HIS
GREATNESS, A GENERATION THAT, IN
MANY CASES WE'RE SEEING COMPETE
ON THE WORLDWIDE STAGE TODAY AND
NOW INTRODUCING TO A NEW WAVE OF
YOUNGSTERS WHAT IT'S LIKE TO SEE
TIGER WOODS IN THIS POSITION AT
A MAJOR.
HE HEARS THE RINGING IN HIS
EARS.
KNOWS THE FAMILY AWAITS BUT HE
ALSO KNOWS THERE'S STILL WORK TO
FINISH HERE, NICK.
HE NEVER GETS OFF TRACK WHEN IT
COMES TO THAT.
NICK: ABSOLUTELY.
HE STILL HAS TO HIT A NICE,
CLEAN, CRISP CHIP SHOT.
PLENTY OF ROOM TO WORK WITH.
BUT WOULDN'T WANT TO DO ANYTHING
SILLY.
PLAYED TO THE SLOPE FOR SAFETY.
I DON'T BELIEVE IT.
I'VE NEVER SEEN TIGER PLAY FOR
SAFETY, HOW ABOUT THAT?
JIM: TWO PUTTS FOR THE TITLE.
NICK, I THINK AT HOYLAKE IN 2006
WHEN HE WON THAT MAJOR TITLE,
WON THE OPEN, HIS FIRST MAJOR
AFTER THE PASSING OF HIS FATHER
EARL AND HOW EMOTIONAL THAT WAS.
I THINK WE'RE GOING TO SEE
SOMETHING SIMILAR TOO.
NICK: WE MUST BE AFTER WHAT HE'S
BEEN THROUGH.
11 YEARS SINCE HIS LAST MAJOR.
TO HAVE THE NERVE TO WIN A
TOURNAMENT AFTER FIVE YEARS BUT
TO WIN ANOTHER MAJOR AFTER 11
YEARS IS JUST AMAZING.
JIM: LET'S PUT IT IN CONTEXT
HERE.
THIS IS GOING TO BE THE
COMPLETION OF ONE OF THE GREAT
COMEBACKS IN ANY SPORT, ALL
TIME.
NICK: I SAID MOONS AGO IF HE CAN
WIN HIS 15TH, THAT'S HIS
GREATEST ACHIEVEMENT AND AFTER
WHAT HE'S BEEN THROUGH, I THINK
I'M PRETTY CLOSE TO THAT.
JIM: BUT WHY STOP THERE, AFTER
THIS PERFORMANCE?
NICK: WELL, IF THE BACK IS
HEALTHY.
WHICH STARTS THE WHOLE TALK
AGAIN.
NUMBER ONE, HIS HEALTH.
IT'S BEEN AMAZING -- HE'S WORKED
EXTREMELY HARD, AS HE SAID.
IT'S NOT JUST GETTING UP THIS
MORNING AT 3:45 TO PREPARE.
PROBABLY EVERY DAY HE WANTS TO
PLAY GOLF, HE HAS TO PUT THAT
PREPARATION IN.
NICK: NEXT MONTH, THE PGA
CHAMPIONSHIP AT BETHPAGE WHERE
HE'S WON AND THEN IN JUNE AT
PEBBLE BEACH, WHERE HE HAD A
15-SHOT VICTORY.
MOLINARI AND FINAU ARE GOING TO
CLEAR THE STAGE HERE AS SOON AS
THEY CAN.
FRANCESCO, WHO WAS SO
UNFLAPPABLE IN THIS PAST YEAR,
UNTIL THIS SECOND NINE TODAY.
NICK: YEAH, WHEN YOU TALK ABOUT
HIS BACK,, YOU KNOW, THE TIGER
IN THE WILD IS ON THE ENDANGERED
LIST AND MANY THOUGHT THAT TIGER
WAS ON THAT LIST, TOO, DIDN'T
WE?
BUT NOT ANYMORE.
JIM: WELL, HE'S GOING TO GO
NEXT, IT APPEARS.
THEY'RE NOT GOING TO FINISH OUT
FIRST.
NICK: HE'S SUCH A GREAT READER
OF THE GREENS.
I'M SURE HE'S JUST GOING TO PUT
THIS A TOUCH ON THE RIGHT.
PERFECT WEIGHT.
JIM: WE'VE SEEN HIM MAKE THIS
PUTT MANY TIMES BEFORE.
IN FACT, 2001, THE COMPLETION OF
THE TIGER SLAM.
SAME PUTT.
LET HIM IN HISTORY.
OK.
NICK: THAT WENT OVER THE EDGE.
WHAT HAPPENED?
NICK: AFTER WATCHING BROOK
KOEPKA'S PUTT TURN, I THOUGHT
THAT WAS IT.
JIM: NOW, THE PUTT ABOUT THE
SAME SIZE AS THE ONE HE FINISHED
OFF IN 1997, MORE THAN A HALF A
LIFETIME AGO, WHEN HE WAS 21 AND
HE REWROTE THE RECORD BOOK AT
AUGUSTA NATIONAL.
THAT WAS 22 YEARS AGO YESTERDAY.
WOULDN'T YOU LOVE TO KNOW THE
THOUGHTS RUNNING THROUGH HIS
MIND RIGHT NOW?
FINAU FOR HIS PAR, TO FINISH
TIED FOR FIFTH.
MATCHES HIS FINISH AT SHINNECOCK
LAST SUMMER.
AND NOW MOLINARI.
TO ALSO FINISH TIED FIFTH.
THIS IS THE MINUTE THE MILLIONS
AROUND THE WORLD HAVE WAITED
FOR.
MANY DOUBTED WE'D EVER SEE IT
BUT HERE IT IS.
THE RETURN TO GLORY!
[CHANTING "TIGER!
]
[CHEERS]
[CROWD CHANTING TIGER]
JIM: I NEVER THOUGHT WE'D SEE
ANYTHING THAT COULD RIVAL THE
HUG WITH HIS FATHER IN 1997 BUT
WE JUST DID.
NICK: THAT WILL BE THE GREATEST
SCENE IN GOLF FOREVER, JIM
NANTZ.
JIM: THAT HUG WITH HIS CHILDREN,
IF THAT DOESN'T BRING A -- BRING
A TEAR TO YOUR EYE AS A PARENT,
YOU'RE NOT HUMAN.
NICK: HIS EMOTION, THE CHANTING.
WE WILL NEVER SEE ANYTHING AS
EXHILARATING AS THAT.
FANTASTIC.
CONGRATULATIONS, TIGER.
UNBELIEVABLE.
JIM: ZACH JOHNSON, RICKIE
FOWLER.
JUSTIN THOMAS.
BUBBA.
XANDER.
BERNHARD LANGER.
KOEPKA.
SHEER GREATNESS.
YOU SAW IT COME BACK AGAIN.
[CHEERS]
JIM: THE MOMENTS DON'T COME ANY
BIGGER THAN THIS.
JACK NICKLAUS IS IN THE BAHAMAS
BONEFISHING.
BUT HE CAME IN TO WATCH AND WE
REACHED OUT TO JACK AND HE SENT
ALONG THIS MESSAGE -- A BIG WELL
DONE FROM ME TO TIGER.
I AM SO HAPPY FOR HIM.
AND FOR THE GAME OF GOLF, THIS
IS JUST FANTASTIC.
SAYS JACK NICKLAUS.
LET'S GO DOWN TO AMANDA.
ADRIAN: HERE WITH BROOKS KEP --
AMANDA: HERE WITH BROOKS KOEPKA.
BROOKS, TIGER WAITED FOR YOU
WHEN YOU WERE ON THE PGA
CHAMPIONSHIP.
YOU JUST WAITED FOR HIM.
CAN YOU DESCRIBE WHAT THIS
POSSIBLY CAN FEEL LIKE FOR HIM
IN THIS COMEBACK?
>> I DON'T THINK IF THERE ARE
WORDS.
I'M SURE HE'S ECSTATIC ABOUT IT
INJURIES AND BE OUT AS LONG AS
HE HAS AND TO COME BACK AND DO
WHAT HE'S DONE.
IT'S BEEN FUN TO WATCH AND I'M
SURE THIS ISN'T THE FIRST.
AMANDA: THAT PUTT ON 1, WHAT
WERE YOU FEELING OVER THAT PUTT
AND WHAT DID YOU SEE?
>> I DON'T KNOW IF I CAN SAY IT
ON THE AIR.
I WATCHED POULT'S PUTT.
IT LOOKED LIKE IT SNUCK RIGHT A
LITTLE BIT.
I-KNOWN FROM YEARS PAST THAT IT
GOES LEFT.
YOU SAW TIGER'S HUNG OUT THERE
TOO.
MINE DECIDED TO SIGNAL.
AMANDA: BROOKS, ANOTHER
INCREDIBLE MAJOR CHAMPIONSHIP
PERFORMANCE.
JIM?
JIM: HE FINISHES IN A TIE FOR
SECOND.
THE FINAL MARGIN IS ONE.
MASTERS WINS ALL-TIME.
WELL, JACK HAS SENT ALONG HIS
HEARTFELT CONGRATULATIONS AND
THERE'S TIGER AT FIVE.
COULDN'T HELP BUT THINK ABOUT
ARNOLD PALMER TOO ON THIS DAY.
ARNOLD FOUR ALL-TIME.
WAS THE FIRST EVER TO REACH THAT
FIGURE.
SO A LOOK AT THE FINAL TALLY.
TIGER SHOOTS 70 IN THE FINAL
ROUND.
ONE CLEAR OF THREE OTHERS AND
ANOTHER FOUR PLAYERS IN A TIE
FOR FIFTH IF.
TOP 10 FOR FOWLER AND RAHM AND
PATRICK CANTLAY AND AN
EVER-SHIFTING LEADERBOARD ON
THAT SECOND NINE WHERE ONE TIME
CAN'TLY -- CANTLAYED A THE LEAD.
THERE WERE SEVERAL GATHERED IN
THAT TIE FOR 12TH.
MCILROY AND SPIETH ALONG WITH
KISNER AND OTHERS.
IN A TIE FOR 22ND.
VIKTOR HOVLAND, THE YOUNG MAN
FROM NORWAY.
HE'S THE LOW AMATEUR AND HE'S IN
BUTLER CABIN AND WE WILL BE
TALKING TO HIM SHORTLY.
ONE BETTER THAN ALVARO ORTIZ.
DEVON BLING AND TAKUMI ALSO
STELLAR PLAY THIS WEEK AT
AUGUSTA.
A LITTLE BIT OF EVERYTHING.
GREAT SINGLE DAY OF ALL TIME
WITH THREE 64'S AND TODAY THERE
WERE MANY WHO HAD HUNCHES THAT A
MOMENT LIKE THIS WAS GOING TO
OCCUR ON THE GROUNDS OF AUGUSTA
AND THAT IT DID.
THE TIGER CHANT MIGHT STILL BE
GOING ON.
I'VE MADE MY WAY DOWN TO BUTLER
CABIN.
DIDN'T SOUND LIKE THEY WANTED TO
STOP.
LITTLE CHARLIE.
WASN'T EVEN BORN WHEN HIS FATHER
WON A MAJOR THE LAST TIME IN
2008.
AND SAM, HIS DAUGHTER, WAS JUST
AN INFANT.
THAT'S WAIT LOOKED LIKE 22 YEARS
AGO.
THAT IS A VERY POWERFUL
BACK-TO-BACK REPLAY.
A LOOK AT THE GENERATIONS OF THE
WOODS FAMILY AND THE CONNECTION
FROM A FATHER TO A SON, TWO
TIMES OVER.
HUGS FOR HIS MOTHER.
A GREEN JACKET IS ON THE WAY.
TIGER'S HEADING TO BUTLER CABIN
AND WE'LL HVE THE PRESENTATION
AND WE'LL HAVE THE PRESENTATION
IN A MOMENT.
JIM: THE MASTERS IS SPONSORED BY
--
JIM: THE ONLY AND ONLY TIGER
WOODS IS THE CHAMPION AT AUGUSTA
AGAIN.
LET'S GO FIRST OVER TO AMANDA.
AMANDA: THANKS, JIM.
FRANCESCO, NOT THE FINAL ROUND
THAT YOU WANTED.
BUT YOUR SCRAMBLING WAS
UNBELIEVABLE.
WHEN YOU THINK ABOUT THE SECOND
NINE, WHAT'S GOING TO STAND OUT
TO YOU?
>> JUST, I THINK THE ATTITUDE
WAS GOOD.
IT WAS A TOUGH DAY WITH THE
WIND.
THAT REALLY GOT IT GOING BUT IT
WAS THE SAME PRETTY MUCH FOR
EVERYONE.
TRYING TO SCRAMBLE FOR PAR THEN
TAKING ADVANTAGE OF THE PAR 5'S.
YEAH, 12 JUST A BAD SWING THEN A
GOOD REACTION 13, 14, AND 15 I
JUST MADE A MESS OF THE HOLE.
BUT YEAH, YOU KNOW, IT IS WHAT
IT IS.
I'M PROUD OF THE WEEK.
I FOUGHT HARD TODAY AS WELL AND
I THINK I MADE A FEW NEW FANS
TODAY.
AMANDA: YOU'RE NOT THE FIRST TO
MAKE A MESS OF THAT HOLE AND YOU
CERTAINLY WILL NOT BE THE LAST.
WHEN PEOPLE THINK ABOUT
FRANCESCO MOLINARI THEY THINK
HOW STOIC AND CALM YOU ARE.
THIS IS ONE OF THE BIGGEST
STAGES YOU CAN PLAY ON ON SUNDAY
AFTERNOON.
CAN YOU DESCRIBE WHAT THE
PATRONS WERE LIKE AND WHAT YOU
WERE FEELING ON THAT CLOSING
STRETCH?
>> YEAH, THE ENERGY WAS
BRILLIANT.
OBVIOUSLY WITH TIGER BEING
THERE, PEOPLE WERE LOVING IT AND
YEAH, I WAS CALM.
I'M PROUD OF THE WAY I STAYED
CALM, EVEN AFTER MAKING
MISTAKES.
IT'S EASIER TO STAY CALM WHEN
YOU PLAY GOLF LIKE I DID
YESTERDAY AND THE DAVE BEFORE.
I GAVE IT MY BEST.
THAT'S WHAT I WANTED TO DO SO
I'M PROUD OF THAT.
AMANDA: IS THIS SOMETHING YOU
CAN TAKE AND LEARN AND BUILD TO
CONTINUE TO COLLECT MAJOR
CHAMPIONSHIP TITLES?
>> DEFINITELY.
FROM THE WHOLE WEEK I LEARNED.
OBVIOUSLY NEXT TIME I COME BACK,
LAST YEAR, IT WON'T BE A CAUSE
WHERE I'VE NEVER PLAYED WELL
BEFORE.
I HAVE A FEW GOOD ROUNDS UNDER
MY BILT.
BUT YEAH, FROM TODAY I LEARNED A
LOT.
I THINK A COUPLE OF INSTANCES
WHERE I WASN'T AGGRESSIVE
ENOUGH, AND I KIND OF LOST FOCUS
A BIT.
IT'S A LONG WEEK AND IT'S NOT
EASY TO SHOOT EVERY SHOT 100%.
AMANDA: JIM?
JIM: ONE MORE LOOK AT THE LEEBED
AND TIES.
AND TIGER WOODS WITH GREEN
JACKET NUMBER FIVE.
A DAY AROUND HERE SIMILAR IN
MANY RESPECTS TO WHAT HAPPENED
BACK IN 1986 WHEN JACK WON HIS
SIXTH GREEN JACKET.
THE FINAL PUTT.
[CHEERS]
JIM: AND A CELEBRATION RINGING
THE 18TH THAT WILL RIVAL ANY
WINNING SCENARIO, ANY WINNING
SCENE IN ANY SPORT.
EVERYONE ENGAGED IN THAT
GLORIOUS MOMENT AS HE WALKS OFF
ARM IN ARM WITH HIS FAMILY, AND
THE GREEN JACKET IS ON THE WAY.
>> I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO SAY AT
THE MOMENT.
>> IT'S --
>> WELL, HAVING IT BE SUCH A
TOUGH QUEST TO FINALLY WIN, IT
FEELS THAT MUCH BETTER.
>> FINALLY MADE A BUNCH OF
PUTTS.
>> I'VE NEVER PLAYED AN ENTIRE
TOURNAMENT WITH MY A-GAME AND
THIS WAS PRETTY CLOSE.
>> IT'S THE MOST NERVE-RACKING
GOLF COURSE IN THE WORLD.
>> I AM SO HONORED TO HAVE WON
THIS GREAT CHAMPIONSHIP.
>> IT WAS SUCH A LONG TIME
COMING.
>> I'M PROBABLY AS HAPPY AS I'VE
EVER BEEN IN MY LIFE.
>> TO WIN THE MASTERS TOURNAMENT
IS JUST AN AMAZING FEELING.
>> I JUST REALLY DON'T KNOW --
I'LL HAVE TO COME BACK DOWN FROM
THE CLOUDS ONE OF THESE DAYS.
>> HE'S MEANT SO MUCH TO ME.
>> I NEVER GOT THIS FAR IN MY
DREAMS TO TALK.
JIM: ALWAYS A LOT OF EMOTION IN
BUTLER CAB SPIN AND I'M HERE
WITH CHAIRMAN FRED RIDLEY AFTER
A TRULY HISTORIC MASTERS
TOURNAMENT.
FRED: THANKS, JIM.
IT'S BEEN AN EPIC WEEK HERE AT
THE MAFERSE -- MASTERS.
AN -- A GREAT DAY FOR GOLF.
JIM: HERE TO PRESENT THE GREEN
JACKET TO TIGER IN A MOMENT AND
VIKTOR HOVLAND, LOW AMATEUR AT
THE TOURNAMENT.
AND FRED, YOU PLAYED HERE THREE
TIMES AS AN AMATEUR.
SUCH A BIG PART OF THE
TOURNAMENT.
FRED: THAT'S RIGHT, VICTIM JIM.
IT'S BEEN AN AMAZING WEEK FOR
THE AMATEURS AS WELL.
WE'RE PROUD OF EVERY ONE OF
THEM.
FOUR AMATEURS MADE THE CUT, THE
MOST IN 50 YEARS, I BELIEVE.
WE'RE PROUD OF VIKTOR CARRYING
ON THIS TRADITION OTT OF
AMATEURS AT THE MASTERS, YOU
PLAYED GREAT.
>> THANK YOU.
JIM: YOU HAD YOUR COACH FROM
OKLAHOMA STATE ON THE BAG.
YOU PLAYED SUPER.
THREE UNDER PAR,
CONGRATULATIONS.
>> THANK YOU.
I CAN'T BE MUCH HAPPIER THAN I
AM RIGHT NOW.
IT WAS GREAT TO HAVE COACH ON
THE BAG.
HE REALLY DID A GOOD JOB OF
MAKING ME FEEL COMFORTABLE OUT
HERE BECAUSE IT COULD HAVE BEEN
-- I COULD HAVE --
[LAUGHTER]
YEAH, I COULD HAVE BEEN A MESS
OUT THERE AND HE REALLY MADE ME
RELAX.
JIM: AND I KNOW THERE ARE GOING
TO BE PEOPLE IN NORWAY SO
EXCITED ABOUT THIS.
FIRST NORWEGIAN TO EVER PLAY IN
THE MASTERS AND YOU DID SO WELL.
WHAT ARE YOUR PLANS?
JIM: BACK TO SCHOOL TOMORROW.
AND YEAH, GRIND IT OUT AND TRY
TO GET THE REPEAT AT
NATIONALITIES.
JIM: GOOD LUCK AT THAT.
WELL DONE.
>> THANK YOU.
JIM: WELL, TIGER, WELCOME BACK
TO BUTLER CABIN.
>> THANK YOU.
JIM: IT'S BEEN AN AMAZING
JOURNEY THAT.
REACTION, COMING OFF THE 18TH
GREEN AND THE TIGER CHANT AND
THE RELEASE OF ALL THAT EMOTION
BY YOU.
WHAT WAS GOING ON IN YOUR HEAD
AT THAT TIME?
TIGER: WELL, I'M A LITTLE
HOARSE, I THINK, FROM YELLING.
[LAUGHTER]
IT WAS JUST -- I WAS JUST TRYING
TO PLOD MY WAY AROUND THE GOLF
COURSE ALL DAY AND THREATEN ALL
OF A SUDDEN I HAD THE LEAD AND
COMING UP 18, IT WAS JUST TRYING
TO MAKE A 5 AND WHEN I TAPPED
THE PUTT IN, I DON'T KNOW WHAT I
DID BUT I KNOW I SCREAMED AND
THEN I WAS JUST LOOKING FOR JOEY
SOMEWHERE.
SHOOK THE GUYS' HANDS AND FOUND
JOEY AND IT WAS A PRETTY BIG
EMBRACE AND THEN TO HAVE MY KIDS
THERE, IT'S COME FULL CIRCLE.
MY DAD WAS HERE IN 1997 AND NOW
I'M THE DAD WITH TWO KIDS THERE.
JIM: TURNING TO THE CHAIRMAN FOR
A MINUTE TO GET YOUR THOUGHTS.
FRED: TIGER, WE COULDN'T BE
HAPPIER.
YOUR PLAY TODAY AND THROUGHOUT
THE WEEK HAS JUST BEEN AMAZING
AND YOU'VE MADE HISTORY ONCE
AGAIN AT AUGUSTA NATIONAL.
I'D LIKE TO KNOW WHAT DOES IT
MEAN TO WIN YOUR FIFTH GREEN
JACKET?
TIGER: IT'S OVERWHELMING I THINK
JUST BECAUSE OF WHAT HAS
TRANSPIRED AND LAST YEAR, I WAS
JUST VERY LUCKY TO BE PLAYING
AGAIN AND THE PREVIOUS DINNER,
THE CHAMPIONS DINNER, I WAS
REALLY STRUGGLING AND MISSED A
COUPLE OF YEARS OF NOT PLAYING
THIS GREAT TOURNAMENT AND TO NOW
BE THE CHAMPION, WAS IT 22
YEARS, I THINK, BETWEEN WINS?
THAT'S A LONG TIME.
BUT IT'S JUST UNREAL FOR ME TO
EXPERIENCE THIS MY MOM WAS HERE.
SHE WAS THERE IN 1997 AS WELL SO
I COULDN'T BE MORE HAPPY AND
MORE EXCITED AND -- YOU KNOW,
I'M KIND OF AT A LOSS FOR WORDS,
REALLY.
FRED: WE COULDN'T BE HAPPIER FOR
YOU.
JIM: HOW DO YOU RANK THIS ONE,
TIGER?
OF ALL THE TREMENDOUS AND GREAT
ACCOMPLISHMENTS?
TIGER: IT WOULD BE UP THERE.
IT'S ONE OF THE HARDEST, I
THINK, I'VE EVER HAD THE WIN.
JUST BECAUSE OF WHAT HAS
TRANSPIRED THE LAST COUPLE OF
YEARS OF TRYING TO COME BACK AND
PLAY.
I WAS CLOTHES -- CLOSE LAST YEAR
A COUPLE OF TIMES WITH A CHANCE
THE LAST TWO MAJOR CHAMPIONSHIPS
AND I APPLIED WHAT I LEARNED
FROM THOSE TWO AND WAS ABLE TO
SEAL THE DEAL TODAY.
JIM: IF YOU WILL FOR JUST A
MOMENT.
WE HAD THAT REPLAY SEQUENCE OF
YOUR HUG WITH YOUR DAD IN 1997,
WITH YOUR HUG WITH YOUR MOM
TODAY AND CHARLIE AND SASM.
HOW MUCH DOES IT MEAN TO HAVE --
TO YOU AS A DAD FOR YOUR
CHILDREN TO BE ABLE TO
EXPERIENCE THIS, TO SEE THEIR
DAD WIN A MAJOR CHAMPIONSHIP?
TIGER: AS I SAID, I'M AT A LOSS
FOR WORDS.
THERE'S MY DAD.
HE SHOULDN'T HAVE BEEN THERE
THAT YEAR.
HE WAS RECOVERING FROM A HEART
ATTACK AND HEART SURGERY AND
NOW, MY LITTLE BOY CHARLIE.
THE EMBRACE.
IT'S JUST -- IT'S JUST SPECIAL.
JUST TO HAVE THEM HERE.
YOU KNOW, SAM ACTUALLY LOST A
STATE SOCCER TOURNAMENT
YESTERDAY SO I KIND OF CONVINCED
HER, YOU WANT TO COME UP AND
WATCHED -- WATCH THE MASTERS?
SO THEY CAME UP TODAY AND
LUCKILY I WAS ABLE TO WIN.
JIM: AND ONE LAST THOUGHT ABOUT
THE COMPETITION OUT THERE.
PLAY -- PLAYING WITH MOLINARI
AND FINAU AND OTHERS MAKING A
RUN AT YOU AND THAT
EVER-CHANGING LEADERBOARD AND
HOW YOU DID IT.
YOU TOLD US YOU WANTED TO STAY
PATIENT ON SUNDAY AND I THINK
YOU FOLLOWED YOUR PLAN.
TIGER: I DID.
I WAS AS PATIENT AS I'VE BEEN
OUT THERE, ESPECIALLY THE LAST
THREE YEARS.
THE WAY I WAS PLOTTING MY WAY
AROUND THE GOLF COURSE.
KEPT CONTROL OF MY SHOTS, MY
PLACEMENT.
TO SEE THAT BOARD, IT WAS A
WHO'S WHO AND IT ALL FLIPPED AT
12.
WE WERE A COUPLE BEHIND.
FRANCESCO MADE A MISTAKE.
BROOKS MADE A MISTAKE, HE EAGLES
13 AND ALL THESE SCENARIOS START
FLYING AROUND.
PATRICK MADE A RUN AND THERE WAS
AN AMAZING BUZZ OUT THERE TO TRY
TO FIGURE OUT WHAT WAS GOING ON.
MEANWHILE, STILL STAY PRESENT
AND FOCUSED ON WHAT I'M TRYING
TO DO OUT THERE.
I KIND OF LIKED IT.
JIM: I'M SURE YOU DID.
A SPECIAL DAY AND NOW FOR A
MOMENT THAT I THINK MANY THOUGHT
WE'D NEVER SEE AGAIN, THE GREEN
JACKET BEING PUT ON YOUR
SHOULDERS AS A CHAMPION AGAIN AT
AUGUSTA.
FRED, IT'S TIME.
FRED: TIGER, YOU'VE BEEN A GREAT
CHAMPION AND I CAN'T TELL YOU
HOW THE PRIDE AND THE WAY YOU'VE
WORN THIS GREEN JACKET THIS PAST
YEAR, WHAT THAT MEANS TO ALL OF
OUR MENTION.
WE THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR THAT.
YOU'VE BEEN A GREAT CHAMPION.
>> THANK YOU.
FRED: AND NOW WE'D BE HONORED IF
YOU WOULD PLACE THE GREEN JACKET
ON TIGER FOR THE FIFTH TIME.
>> YEAH, BUDDY.
FRED: CONGRATULATIONS, TIGER.
TIGER: THANK YOU.
IT FITS.
JIM: AROUND HERE -- A ROUND HERE
THAT WILL NEVER BE FORGOTTEN.
TIGER WITH A WIN THAT HAD A
LITTLE BIT OF EVERYTHING.
HIGH DRAMA THROUGHOUT.
IT'S ALREADY BEEN SAID, EPIC WAS
THE WORD FRED RIDLEY USED TO
DESCRIBE IT, THE CHAIRMAN.
I DON'T THINK THERE'S A DOUBT IT
WILL RANK WITH THE GREATEST
MOMENTS THE SPORT HAS EVER SEEN.
TIGER WOODS, CONGRATULATIONS,
YOU ARE ONCE AGAIN THE MASTERS
CHAMPION.